Thinking of all the parents doing their best to explain all of this to their kids. 
And who have spent the past four years trying to explain all sorts of things that they wish they didn’t have to.
It’s kind of amazing that I didn’t become a Manchester United fan because I loved watching Andy Cole and Dwight Yorke play together so much
thank you!
grateful to you and your work for helping make it possible
thanks so much, valeria
thank you, Claire!
thank you so much, Andrea
appreciate you so much, mo
Rewatching THE NEWSROOM and whew these depictions of romantic workplace interactions did not age well.
Stunning poem from @theferocity. 
This is a really important resource. 
Please take the time to read.
but you’re saying...there’s a chance
Elneny has been nothing but extremely solid for us this season. 
Very glad to have him in the team.
fair enough lol, I also completely forgot Martins played for Birmingham
very true
he was massive today
young koscielny was pretty solid I think
can’t even remember the last time I had it
BIG WIN BABYYYYYYYYY
You love to see it
I want Marcus Rashford to be successful in every part of his life except for this game.
I’m seeing that as well
yea he’s been underwhelming so far
I just feel so comfortable/confident/relieved when Thomas Partey has the ball.
😂
Shout out to Grandma Gladys
Oh nice! 
well at least you’re not a Tottenham supporter because then I’d have to reevaluate some things
gotta admit I’ve never tried this before. 
and I’d say it’s fair to put watermelon in the top 3 but not sure I can put it over cherry or green apple
😂
wow I didn’t know you were a Chelsea supporter, things looking different in the light
cherry is best, the blue one might be the only one I’m actually not a fan of
can’t lose with either of them
they are *chef’s kiss*
Jolly Ranchers are the best candy. 
That is all.
he’s fantastic
Thanks, Jean. 
I think of you and your class often. 
Hope you’re well
😭😭😭
I believe that we’ll get there, I believe it’s going to happen. 
It’s not a question of if, but when.
In this deeply important election there are millions of incarcerated people who are unable to vote. 
As Abd’Allah Lateef, who was incarcerated for more than 30 years and who I spoke to for this piece says, that’s not just a loss for people in prison, that’s a loss for all of us.
The movement on this issue is due largely to the work of incarcerated ppl, formerly incarcerated ppl, and their families. 
And Bernie Sanders deserves a lot of credit for making this a part of his campaign platform and for standing by it when no other Democratic candidates would.
But more than anything, people in prison should be able to vote because as Justice Warren wrote in 1958, “Citizenship is not a right that expires upon misbehavior.” 
Someone’s ability to vote should not be contingent on whether they fall asleep in a house or on a cell block.
People in prison are still part of communities. 
They should be able to vote on the school board in their kids’ districts; for the city-council members who shape which social services are prioritized in their neighborhoods; for the ppl who will help their parents get health care.
Our prison systemic systemically and disproportionately locks up poor people and people of color. 
As I said in the tweet that ultimately led me to write this piece, a system cannot be systemically unjust and then used as the justification to take away someone’s vote.
The bodies of people in prisons are counted in the design of our political infrastructure, but their voices are not. 
Predominantly white towns have their population numbers artificially expanded because of the the disproportionately Black and Latino people incarcerated there.
I wrote about why people in prison should be able to vote. 
Yoooo love V! 
Tell her I say hey
thanks, Le Anne!
Thinking of everyone back home.
that’s incredibly kind of you. 
thanks so much!
You cannot in one breath say that the system of mass incarceration is systemically broken and unjust, and then in the next breath use the existence of that same system to justify keeping the millions of people inside of it disenfranchised. 
You don't get to have it both ways.
People who are incarcerated should still be able to vote. 
A big reason people think otherwise is bc of decades, really centuries, of fear-mongering that connects carcerality to blackness & blackness to undeservedness.
Their disenfranchisement should not be accepted as a given.
The closer we get to election day, the more upset I get that  millions of incarcerated ppl can't participate. 
It's absurd that so many *formerly* incarcerated ppl can't vote, but there's also nothing about being *currently* incarcerated that means your vote should be taken away.
@priaribi thank you so much, priyanka. 
Miss the crooked team
Appreciate it, Cort. 
Was a journey to get there but we got there
This means so much coming from you. 
Thank you
thank you so much, Martha!
appreciate it man!
Much appreciated, Kevin!
Thanks, Amanda!
thanks so much fam
thanks, Eddie!
haha appreciate you
Thank you, Megha! 
I really appreciate it
Paging @littlebrown
Irma! Thank you so much
Thank you man! 
I can’t wait for yours
appreciate you man
Ashley! Im so excited that our books gets to be born on the same day. 
Let’s please please do an event together
thank you so much, Michele! I really appreciate that
Thank you, Soraya!
amazing, thanks so much
Thank you so much, Ebony. 
And thank you Mariame for sharing
thanks so much, Austin!
Thanks, Chris!
Thank you for ordering, Zoe!
thanks so much!
Thanks, Vivian! 
Have really appreciated all your advice and encouragement during this process
kasey, thank you so much man. 
I’m excited to finally be at this part of the journey
thank you so much
there will be and the current plan js that I’ll be reading it
appreciate it, Carlos!
YOU UP NEXT!
that’s incredibly generous of you to say, Crisitin. 
Thank you!
thanks, José!
thanks so much, Lisa!
thanks, Derek!
thank you, Rebecca! 
I can’t wait to read yours. 
It’s preordered and everything
JONNY LOOK AT US WE’RE WRITERS
appreciate you, Errin!
appreciate you man, you were there when it was just an idea over breakfast. 
can’t wait for your next one
Your work was really helpful in this project! 
I have a chapter in Galveston and your scholarship proved indispensable.
Oh! And consider ordering from your local independent bookstore. 
They need our help more than ever.
That’s the plan!
So I decided to explore how this happened not only in my city, but across the country. 
I learned so much and I can’t wait to share it with you all.
Pre-ordering makes a big difference with these things, so if you can it would mean a whole lot if you did. 
I appreciate it so much.
This book began after watching the major Confederate monuments come down in my hometown of New Orleans in 2017 and realizing I had grown up in a city where there had been more homages to enslavers than to enslaved people. 
I wanted to understand how something like that happened.
I worked harder on this than anything I’ve ever done. 
Traveled across the country (and an ocean) to try and understand how different places reckon with, or fail to reckon with, their relationship to the history of slavery. 
To try and understand how these places tell that story.
Very excited to share the cover of my new book, How the Word Is Passed. 
It’s my first book of nonfiction and I’m really proud it. 
It’s coming out June 1, 2021 and is now available for preorder. 
I hope you’ll consider getting a copy and spreading the word.
Sometimes you express your love for Buffalo Wild Wings and sometimes your friends try to play you but you stand strong and remain undeterred for all the lemon pepper sauce lovers out there.
It’s so good!
wow I’m shook, I should have seen it smh
ROSS TOO???
Still can’t believe I had no idea for so long that Ryan Giggs was Black. 
thank you for sharing it with them!
😩
Let’s make it count.
yep!
TONIGHT come hang with me, @NifMuhammad, @kaysarahsera, and @mojgani for our 5th annual poetry gig. 
Event is free but donations are encouraged. 
All proceeds go to @InnocenceProjNO @TheOkraProject @DontShootPdx & @WBCWSociety. 
Register below for the link.
I wrote my dissertation on people sentenced to life without parole as children. 
In those conversations years ago, they talked about how close they believed that the Supreme Court was to completely abolishing life sentences for children. 
That all feels so far away now.
Pack the court.
A reminder that, if you have the means, your local food bank could really use your support right now. 
Donating money directly to them is the best way to help.  
Even a small amount goes a long way.
