Next press conference in interior ministry at 6am local time #vienna #wien
The minister calls on people to stay home. 
Particular in Vienna. 
Children don’t have to go to school on Vienna in the morning - if parents can look after them.
NEW Austrian Interior Minister says this is the hardest day for Austria in a long time . 
A number of injured and a number of dead. 
At least one attacker still on the run, he says
Reporter on Orf - Austrian State TV says the attacker who was shot and killed by police had an explosive belt and was heavily armed - 
there have been many rumours this evening of explosive belts in but this hasn’t been officially confirmed eg by PM/Interior Minister 
#vienna
Still 15 injured in #Vienna hospitals - all with bullet wounds. 
No new injured brought to hospital since original attacks starting around 8pm local time
Kurz tells people sheltering in restaurants, cafes, concert halls in #Vienna to stay where they are till told it’s safe to leave. 
Says army helping to keep buildings safe
Kurz says the injured policeman is out of danger. 
Tells people to follow the news to know if safe tomorrow morning to head outdoors
Austrian Chancellor Kurz confirms multiple attackers with automatic weapons now on the run. 
Police forces focused on finding them - so army has been brought in to cover tradition police responsibilities like ‘property protection’
Austria PM Kurz in statement on tv thanks security services for risking their lives to keep civilians safe as they pursue attackers. 
Confirms the situation is ongoing #Vienna #Wien
Austria interior minister says the gunmen are on the move so the public danger isn’t restricted *only* to central #Vienna
Austrian interior minister says there is an still an “ongoing terrorist situation in Vienna” Heavily armed, dangerous attackers he says. 
Tells people to stay indoors. 
Asks people with videos and photos to send them to security services and not to make public #Vienna #Wien
Vienna’s mayor warns that police operation still ongoing #Wien #Vienna 
Central #Vienna busier than usual on a Monday night in November. 
Many enjoying a last night out before new #covid19 restrictions introduced. 
People now stuck in bars, restaurants etc until police tell them it’s safe to head out onto streets again #wien
Noooooooo! You will be so missed! 
Wishing you all the very very best. 
Health and happiness !
Vienna police spokesman says the situation could last a few hours more. 
Everything being done to get situation under control he says. 
Appeals again for people in central #Vienna to stay inside and “lock the doors” #wien
Vienna police say attacks carried out by multiple armed attackers in 6 different areas. 
Confirm they killed one attacker. 
Confirm another person dead and a number of seriously injured incl a police officer. 
Say that’s what they can confirm for now #wien
Austrian Press Agency APA reporting dead in #vienna include a policeman
Police operation in Vienna still underway . 
Police ask people to stay indoors. 
Not to spread rumours or publish videos/photos. 
Interior Minister says multiple attackers and multiple numbers of injured including dead. 
He will not comment on rumours of hostage situations in Vienna
One attacker arrested. One dead. 
Police searching for others. 
A number of dead and injured in what interior ministry say was most likely a terror attack says state broadcaster ORF2 #wien #vienna
Austrian State Broadcaster confirms shootout in central #Vienna. 
Describe scenes of panic as people fled area. 
Police have cleared the streets. 
Say few facts known right now incl whether synagogue was a target. 
Repeat unconfirmed reports that one attacker dead another on the run
Contradictory reports coming out of media sources in Vienna - including number of dead/injured. 
The Synagoge by Schwedenplatz was shut at the time of the attack. 
Could have been a or the target but lots of cafes in that area too. 
Abwarten (wait  for the facts) #vienna #wien
Vienna Police appealing for people not to post videos and photos on social media as they continue with security operation
Thank you @vlvuk members. 
An honour!
Trade talks continue in Brussels today. 
EU+UK negotiators now in media block-out tunnel as they hammer out the toughest issues. 
Public silence is generally seen as a sign of progress - or at least of concerted efforts by both sides. 
The mood: cautiously optimistic 
#Brexit
V significant. 
Obviously rules agreed in a trade deal with EU (if there is one agreed!) will affect trade talks with US but this too will have considerable impact 👇 https://twitter.com/NFUtweets/status/1322813595445612544
We know these arguments. 
We know - as Michael Gove then said on Marr - that the ‚fervent‘ hope is a deal is still possible.
Frankly we just need to sit tight now as negotiators hammer out the tough stuff (fishing/competition rules/governance of deal)to see if compromise possible
On Marr French Europe Minister @CBeaune points out that if there’s no deal between EU and UK then yes, EU fishermen will lose access to UK waters but also UK will lose open access to EU market to sell its fish #Brexit
UK next to announce a lockdown? 👇
An assortment of lockdown variations already operational across Europe 
Belgium to enter „reinforced lockdown“ from Sunday night. 
Belgian PM calls these ‚last chance measures‘. 
Belgian infection rate currently the highest in Europe 
#coronavirus
Talks continue👇 .. 
No news means good news (or at the very least not bad news) 
IF you‘re in favour of this deal being agreed #Brexit
Macron says relatives will be able to visit old aged homes despite the new lockdown and public services will ctn. 
but you will need permission to leave your home. 
Help will be made available for businesses/people in financial difficulty as a result of new rules he says #covid
Breaking!! 
Macron says as of Friday France will be in national lockdown but there are exceptions Schools will remain open . 
PM will have more details he says
Macron speaks out against strategy of herd immunity as would be to accept French deaths. 
Also says he rejects a lockdown only for the most vulnerable. 
Other option is rely on effective test and trace system but he says it’s not enough #coronavirus
Macron says economy must be protected bc can’t have robust health service without it (live tv address) #coronavirus
Emmanuel Macron in live state address says first priority is to protect the most vulnerable. 
Second: the elderly. 
Third: protect medical staff #coronavirus
Macron says if we don’t take drastic action then our doctors will be overwhelmed #coronavirus
We know this second wave will be more lethal than the first says Emmanuel Macron #coronavirus
Emmanuel Macron says ‘we are overwhelmed at the pace this virus is spreading’ #coronavirus
Now
Angela Merkel said there would be new financial support for businesses affected. 
She said the government would pay smaller companies up to 75% of their income from November last year
Under new measures, private gatherings will be limited to members of two households, with a maximum of ten people. 
Merkel asked people not to travel unless absolutely necessary. 
Hotels in Germany will be closed to tourists
Merkel spoke after meeting regional leaders. 
This partial lockdown is an attempt to stop patchy regional response
NEW: Angela Merkel has just announced a month long partial lockdown nationwide. 
Schools and shops to stay open but bars, restaurants and leisure facilities must close #corona 
The Spanish government and government in Gibraltar have been keen for Gibraltar to join the passport-free Schengen zone as of end of the transition period. 
UK gov has to date been considerably less enthusiastic about the idea
A UK-Gibraltar Concordat, agreed in 2018, noted the territory’s "specific situation" and pledged that "particular regard will be had... to the mobility of persons and in the services economy"..
Gibraltar voted against #Brexit (96%). 
Losing freedom of movement for workers into and out of Spain has been a huge concern for The Rock since 2016 👇 https://t.co/zOAFB5GR5i?amp=1
Don’t miss the brand new series of #celebritysupplyteacher 
Including my class on journalism and fake news 💜💙❤️💚
New stars line-up to deliver lessons in BBC’s Celebrity Supply Teacher series. 
They even let me loose - talking journalism!
