Trump Wisconsin speech leans on his law enforcement message in Kenosha where one of his teenaged supporters killed two people during protests over the shooting of Jacob Blake.
Trump, stressing
Trump continues to complain about about Court ruling that allows votes to be counted.
Judge Hanen  on drive through voting: 
Federal judge rejects GOP-led challenge seeking to invalidate nearly 127,000 votes in Democratic-leaning county
Whatever happened with Biden ? 
Maybe he’s smarter than we think..” Ego gratification :
Trump asks a crowd that showed up for him at midnight “Who here is going to vote for Biden”
Trump at midnight rally in FL.
“Is there any place you would rather be than at a Trump rally?”
Trump at midnight rally in FL:“Is there any place would would rather be than a Trump rally? “
Judge mandates USPS take 'extraordinary measures' as on-time movement of mail ballots drops - CNNPolitics
Atlas mea culpa was apparently for an unauthorized interview.
Finally 
Scott Atlas mea culpa
Conflicting contradictory polling across various outlets. 
Where have we seen this before. 
Name the year. 
Graham, N.C. protesters pepper-sprayed on march to the polls | Raleigh News &amp; Observer
No additional comment required.
Biden campaign cancels Texas event after Trump supporters surround bus on interstate

Let that sink in.. 
Trump slams SCOTUS for election vote counting delay ruling: 
he President in Bucks County PA, predicted the decision would create “bedlam in our country. A “horrible” decision. 
“I’ll say it loud and I’ll say it proud”
Trump started speaking at 1250pm
Advancing the Trump Bucks County (PA) speech: a few hundred people unlike the thousands we’ve seen at airport rallies. 
A smattering of masks, not 100%. 
COS Mark Meadows walked up not wearing one
An amazing actor and a true gentleman. 
Pretty good spy too.
Bloomberg’s lead on D’s not getting out their vote in battleground states . 
Another story suggesting Ds are not getting out their vote in a battleground state. 
Democrats uneasy about higher Republican turnout in important Florida county
October 31, 2020. Halloween 

3AM Tweet: Trump Ominously Declares Joe Biden Will Only Win White House if Supreme Court Fails to Stop It #SmartNews
Fancy Bear, the Russian Election Hackers, Caught at It Again in Attacks on California and Indiana Democrats #SmartNews
More lurching government . 
The President is defying his own arguments. 
He once suggested there was too much testing. 
He once refused aid to what he claimed were poorly run states with democratic governors. 
Now with the election on the line he’s suddenly attentive.
Busy couple days
Trump continues to trash SCOTUS and falsely claim that for some unknown reason there’s a need to end the election on Election Day when the postal service is running slow and there’s a pandemic.
Earlier this year the President suggested there would be a coronavirus vaccine by election day, though experts called it unlikely.  
I asked White House Strategic Comms director Alyssa Farah if the President is disappointed. 
She said election day was an arbitrary deadline.
Turnout in Detroit may be lower than expected. 
Reminder of the closing days in battleground Michigan four years ago. 
Wouldn’t be surprised at all.
That is if you ever believed the vaccine hype in the first place.. 

POTUS attacks the Supreme Court for making a “ridiculous” Biden win “possible” as if the pandemic wasn’t a factor.
Sleepless in the White House?
Multiple random tweets from Trump starting just after 2am ET.
“Biden Crime Family”, “Watch the Great Red Wave”, “Biden will destroy the US Supreme Court Don’t let it happen”, plus a handful of retweets.
Trump economic advisor Larry Kudlow on Covid shutdowns in Europe affecting the US economy: 
They've got a rough situation over there . 
I wish someone would think it through.
Fogerty Unfortunate Son 
GDP growth number is 33.1% in Q3. 
A new record. 
But a long way to go because the economy is still in the dumpster.
Lenny I do not know the answer to that. 
The phenomenon of social unease that swept the POTUS into office is global. Starting with Brexit and Boris in the UK... and onward. There’s a theory called relative deprivation that might explain it. Where it ends I dunno.
Honesty at the end of the race: 
Credit to POTUS for being honest about the fact that he would NOT be visiting American voters in out-of-the-way places but for his current political circumstances.
White House Staff fuming over Miles Taylor reveal

Flares?  
So does some fighter pilot have a Hatch Act issue perhaps?  Or maybe OSHA?
White House communications director says declaration that the pandemic has ended was "poorly worded" 
Wait what? 
They deceptively edited a clip of Biden citing a quote from THE POPE? 
Whoops 
Agreed this is sad
Dang. Seems like the Nittany Lions kinda popped up on the schedule so fast


Kavanaugh foreshadows how Supreme Court could disrupt vote counting

Dont delete because of trolling. 
Your knowledge of the law keeps us all informed. 
We all need you.
Barrett: It is the job of a judge to resist her policy preferences” .. a judge declares independence from .. private beliefs “
“I know you will make us all very very proud:” ; 
Trump to Barrett at election year televised Rose Garden extravaganza swearing in ceremony
Barrett swearing in event at White House: a spectacle

VP Pence was not in the chair on the ACB confirmation vote. It was Sen Grassley of Iowa. Vote was 52-48 . Barrett confirmed
US Senate voting now to confirm Amy Barrett to SCOTUS
