I'm off Twitter until after the election.
#VoteBlueToEndTheNightmare
OHIO, by Stephen Markley:
Found it on a back shelf in my local bookstore. 
Liked the cover. 
Jesus, it blew me away.
Tough stuff, but I couldn’t put it down. 
You could almost call it THE GRAPES OF WRATH of the opioid crisis. 
Too heavy, but close.
Trump is mentally lazy and incompetent. 
He's not up to the job.
Damn, I'll be happy when this election is over.
(If it ever is.)
Stanford study: 18 Trump rallies have led to 30,000 infections and 700 deaths.
Find Carl Quintanilla on Twitter to see the table.
The tactics of fear.
it’s all they got.
60
Sweet Savage Susie! 
Sean Connery in his first starring role, as a washed-up boxer. 
He was a fine actor and by most accounts a good guy. 
I loved that animated CREEPSHOW. 
Kiefer Sutherland and Joey King rocked the house. 
It’s a new genre, call it “carrion cartoons.”
Heh-heh-heh.
This is how they do.
You can get 4 weeks of the WaPo for I think a buck.
Looks like the piece is behind a paywall.
Rats!
I wrote an op-ed for the Washington Post. 
Here it is. 
Thanks for reading.
Look at this! 
MR. MERCEDES one of the top performers on Peacock. 
I love it.

What a babe!
Wow! Who knew? Have you read his “rat” story?

A little gift for Maine's (hopefully outgoing) Senator Collins. 
Check it out.
The dog ate Tucker's homework.
Tommy Tuberville wouldn’t even debate Doug Jones. 
Hey, Alabama, do you know a chickenshit  when you see one? 
Or—ha-ha—when you DON’T see one?
I'm guessing it will EXCEED your expectations.
Yeah, I saw it and loved it.
If you mail your ballot, you can no longer be absolutely sure it will be processed and counted. 
Hand-deliver it to your polling place.
I've watched a lot of TV during this cursed year--I know I'm not alone--and the best of the best is THE QUEEN'S GAMBIT, on Netflix. 
Utterly thrilling. 
I thought nothing would beat THE TRIAL OF THE CHICAGO SEVEN, but this does.

Ladies and gentlemen, real rock is BACK.
This is why I'm voting for Sara Gideon.
Trump is mad at COVID because it’s fucking up his election campaign, not because 225,000 Americans are dead from it.
What a dink.
If Trump was a Maine guy in my little town, we’d say, “What a dink.”
