Pence in Grand Rapids warming up crowd for Trump at last rally pronounced Kamala Harris’s name correctly.
Omfg indeed.
On the night before Election Day twitter puts a warning label on Trump’s tweet on PA ballots saying it “might be misleading.”
You knew this had to exist... 
we're far from the shallow now.
Trump in Scranton on SCOTUS allowing the counting of mailed in ballots in PA after election: 
"They made a very dangerous situation. 
And I mean, dangerous physically dangerous and they made it a very very bad they did a very bad thing for the state."
Trump in Scranton upset with celebrities supporting Democrats: 
"I can tell you stories about Lady Gaga."
Just what I needed to see on one of my last flights of campaign. 
Nice doggies!
Grievance fest for Trump in NC as he complains about Russia investigation, impeachment and media coverage.
Trump still fixated on poll showing him down 17 in Wisconsin. 
At NC rally he wonders why polls can’t just show him trailing by a slim margin. 
Breathtaking misinformation about how polling works.
My colleague @Kevinliptakcnn who was traveling with the WH pool also had to make his way through crowd to exit the same rally and says some supporters were pretending to cough and laughing as press was leaving the area. 
Disgraceful.
This is rally roulette. 
Check out this video from @mattyhoyeCNN at Trump rally in GA. 
We had to make our own path through a massive crowd of Trump supporters. It was wall to wall people. 
Zero social distancing. 
Just a few folks here and there wearing masks.
Orange moon hangs over mostly maskless crowd in Georgia for Trump rally. 
Trump tells WH pool reporters as soon as election is over “we’re going in with our lawyers.” 
Trump adviser tells CNN campaign plans to be aggressive on election night and could declare win if Trump is on verge of 270 electoral votes even as ballots being counted. 
Trump denies it.
Senior WH official tells me Doctor Scott Atlas did not have approval from the WH before going on RT. 
Atlas did it “on his own” without seeking approval from WH. 
Senior aides have raised concerns that Atlas would appear on the Russian outlet, the official said.
CNN: According to Johns Hopkins University's tally of cases, there are at least 9,125,482 cases of coronavirus in the U.S.; 
at least 230,548 people have died in the U.S. from coronavirus. 
On Saturday, Johns Hopkins reported 81,227 new cases and 862 new deaths.
BBC: Sean Connery, best known for his role as James Bond, has died at the age of 90. 
#RIPSeanConnery 
CNN: On Friday, Johns Hopkins University reported 99,321 new cases and 1,030 new deaths. 
This is now the highest number of new cases reported in a single day since the pandemic began.
One of the shortest Trump rallies I’ve ever witnessed. 
Only 21 minutes.
People of twitter reminding me he was up at 3am tweeting. 
Trump appears very tired at this rally in MN, slowly moving through his prepared remarks.
Trump just got in motorcade. 
Appears to be heading to overflow crowd gathered outside event where they are not doing social distancing. 
The folks who are social distancing inside the venue don’t know what’s happening.
Others in crowd beginning to disregard restrictions. 
Trump supporters getting antsy about social distancing measures in place at MN rally. 
Rally hasn’t started but some in crowd began to move their chairs together and then were asked to put them back the way they were.
Trump rally in MN set up for social distancing as required by state officials. 
But still a big crowd outside venue not doing much distancing.
Trump holding a large number of potential superspreader rallies in final push to Election Day.
Churchill’s granddaughter: 
“My grandfather did not mince words about the Nazi threat — or say something like, ‘Hitler will be gone — disappear — like a miracle!’ 
He trusted people with the truth...”
It’s 3 am at the WH and the president is tweeting...
Update: final total for Thursday... 
Johns Hopkins University reported 88,521 new cases and 971 new deaths. 
This is now the highest number of new cases reported in a single day since the pandemic began.
CNN: So far today, there have been 83,757 daily new coronavirus cases in the United States, per Johns Hopkins University data. 
This is now the highest single day reporting since the pandemic began.
This happens at just about every Trump rally. 
I’ve covered five presidential campaigns... long enough to know this isn’t normal. 
Sometimes I’ll scan the crowd, not for the folks who are chanting but for the people who look back at me silently, letting me know they know it’s wrong
Thank you Peter!
At Trump rally in Phoenix area, I was told by a supporter of the president to “get the hell out of our country.” 
Tell that to my grandfather who is buried at Arlington and my dad who fled to the US as a refugee from Cuba.
Trump in overdrive in complaining about his media coverage at Phoenix area rally: 
“We don’t have freedom of the press. 
It’s suppression of the press.”
Trump on Miles Taylor at Phoenix area rally: 
“he should be prosecuted.”
Once again no social distancing and most Trump supporters not wearing masks at this rally in Phoenix area.
On background: no.
I would like the answer to this too... 
“Anonymous” reveals his identify.


Trump continues to complain about coronavirus news coverage, again saying "Covid, covid, covid" at rally in Michigan. 
Trump says media will stop covering the pandemic after November 4th (which is not true).
Trump on his COVID response, 7 days before election:  
"we’ve done a great job and people are starting to see.” 
Trump on whether voters should judge him on Covid: 
"The voters are judging me on a lot of things." 
Adds his admin did a "really good job" on virus.  
"We've done a great job and people are starting to see."
Trump upset that Fox aired Obama speech: 
"This would not have happened with Roger Ailes."
Just asked Trump "shouldn't the voters judge you on Covid?" 
His response to come...
Before leaving WH for his rallies today, Trump watching Obama on Fox. 
Obama on Trump: "He's turned the White House into a hot zone."


Pence has tested negative for COVID this morning, according to his office.
A powerful spot from the Lincoln Project... 


Eight days before 2020 election Trump crowd in PA chants “lock her up” after he talks about Hillary Clinton.
Trump crowd in Martinsburg PA where there is no social distancing and not many masks (but one supporter in pumpkin suit)
Justice Clarence Thomas is set to administer the official Constitutional Oath to Judge Amy Coney Barrett at WH tonight, per my colleague 
