The NFC East is like a contagion. 
The Bucs have caught it
I can't believe i have to stay up for the end of this game ... 
But #FF is the greatest. 
I just can't kick it
Big things happening tonight with @DraftKings! 
DK is running back the Big Play PayDay promo, so if there’s a 20+ yard TD in the 4th quarter tonight – you’ll be entered into a Sunday $100K contest. 
Opt-in FOR FREE with this link and #MakeItReign 
#Ad
Why Stash over RobinHood ? 
chill says you are uninformed. Spain broke down after declaring it beaten. 
You can't go to a bar and expect to be safe.
and this is how you top the charts 
Marley tried that and didn't like it thank heavens!
Dogs make me happy. 
Especially rescue dogs!
Chill says tell me more 
It's a great phrase and really does demonstrate where we are with this illness
Decent spec but i sure can't recommend it
Please read our review of the quarter in https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog today 
Marley likes being clean
i rolled in poop and am a very bad boy 
Humana's Charts Are Not as Healthy as We Would Like: @BruceKamich  
JNJ trial a very important vaccine-i could not get in because i had a steroid shot (stupid partial tear of rotator) but this is one you want to be in
upside down trading 
I applaud so many colleges for what they have done.. really remarkable
I am hearing great things about Duke getting it right.... 
coming to me now
Ahh, that explains the huge spike in Stockholm, thanks so much. 
Jimmy Chill will spare you of a tweet that says i am part of the problem because of our mask contest at http://xprize.org/mask. 
I have never been attacked for a charitable donation to a great cause. 
Hilarious actually
Lockdown stocks?  
President Trump says the Dems want to lockdown the country. 
Do you prepare for that or not?? Tonight.
You cannot look at charts and graphs and decide that masks, social distancing, testing, tracing don't work if the charts are going higher. It depend on enforcement. 
We don't have any except from retailers
Believe me, because of personal reasons, i will tell you that they do not practice what they preach in many of these countries. 
Bars & restaurants packed, no social distancing to speak of and lack of enforcement. 
Do you have relatives friends in those countries?
We can't win outside our division, Doc . 
I am a HUGE Colt fan because of Coach Frank who is the best in the NFL
W
There is no W until there is a W
Check that
Actually it is nice to have to watch a game where i have no fear with four minutes left 
Can we at least wait until the game is over?
You must blitz a rookie. Endlessly. Endlessly
Maybe Pop's screaming got it done
I  can hear Pop yelling and it isn't nice
real deal
expecting big things.
The endless insistence that masks don't work because of whatever is why our nation is in such tragic shape. 
Masks, social distancing, testing, tracing. 
You got something better? 
At least i am trying to do something about it. 
What are you doing?
we wanted to develop a mask that would keep the economy open no matter what. 
It is vital. 
Those who are against masks will cause a shutdown and are somehow proud of their role.
having a mandate and following a mandate are two very different things. 
The reason we came up with the contest , http://xprize.org.mask is because the mandate is ignored by so many. 
it is sad at this late date that this still has to be explained. 
same goes for Spain
Week 8 Fantasy Football and DFS LIVE Q&amp;A
today is Lisa’s birthday so i am playing cramerscashcontest  in https://t.co/EYSwOmN6uT for http://badassbrooklynanimalrescue.com in her honor !
Cramer's Cash Contest, $5 to enter and play against me:  https://t.co/ed86AC446z

Week 8 DFS/Player Prop Tips for @DraftKings

LIVE Fantasy Football Q&A at 11:30 am (est) with @BillEnright @BullMktFantasy: https://facebook.com/JimCr
testing testing testing 7 days a week will do that https://t.co/I6yVcC9RrX
i loved that moon !! 
The @DraftKings Halloween Candy Bowl is happening LIVE, only on DK’s YouTube and Twitch channels. 
Top 6 eaters in the world
6 pounds of 6 types of Halloween candy 
6 minutes to eat as much as they can
It’s going to be epic. 
WATCH LIVE 7:30 pm  EST: #ad 
thank you for this. 
We will have lots of good companies and surprise personalities as judges for our mask competition! 
Go Birds!
Trick or Treat!! 
different kind of unicorn
where are the treaters ? 
of course in the era of covid each goodie bag comes with hand sanitizer
Happy Halloween 🎃
the end of a great harvest on a blue moon 
Are NFL bettors in for a Trick or Treat in Week 8? 

The Chiefs are favored by nearly THREE TDs against the Jets and 63% of the bets on @DKSportsBook are coming in on KC.

Plus the O/U totals for the Vikings/Packers, Raiders/Browns, and Patriots/Bills have all taken a dive.  
#AD
Honored to work on this incredible project with @Benioff 

These young innovators will change the world with their mask designs and I can’t wait for you to get your hands on them! 😷
The staff is calling me 4th Q Cramer!! My new name!!
Query: if Apple's stock goes down more is it getting cheaper or more expensive?
just from the neck up 
most welcome! 
Taking mask off to do show... naked!
I want to apologize to my critics for recommending something i call FAANG that i came up with a half dozen years ago. 
I am a real chowderhead for creating it and recommending it.  
King of the Chill says accept my apology please!!!
An error of Titanic proportions?  
Or just ill-advised and early. 
Okay, all of those people who have lost money in Apple beginning at $5 when i started recommending it and at $12 when I went nuts with it, tell me how much you lost. 
I want to satisfy  these "WINNERS" who don't like it now.
They haven't shipped the 12 variations and you have written them off! 
Please short Apple, the Chillman says. 
He's begging you to put it out. 
Come on Big Boy, play the game! 
get it done!.
Jimmy Chill says you are right. 
Everyone should give back all of the money they have made in Apple because of me. 
Unfairly earned you cretins!!!
Jimmy Chill was joking around. 
it's been my view since about $5 a share!!!
I am very proud of the work our colleagues at Xprize and our judges and companies have already put in to develop a more ideal mask to meet your objections.
I love how everyone has now determined that Apple's best days are over and it is time to bail. What the heck? 
I have a new mantra for Apple: Own it don't trade it.
Getting closer to the reveal of our top 10 teams! 

Can’t wait for you to see and wear these masks that are unlike any others! 
Weird but where would Google be if the market weren't getting killed?
Apple, Amazon, Google and Facebook's Earnings Calls: What Stood Out in Each - @EricJhonsa 
From Alphabet 
If you haven't picked at anything yet-not a bad time as almost everything is on sale. 
Or wait until you see my game plan tonight @MadMoneyOnCNBC
i like this call 
actually that was Off the Charts which was the work of Katie Stockton not me..  
I was more circumspect. 
Forget the article, watch the show. 
that's the segment where i bring on people who challenge my views. 
Chill said wait.
tape is settling down.. not bad
Come play against me in Week 8 and win cash on @DraftKings.

The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter. 

Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC 
#AD
The Chill Man is there for you ! 
Oh No! They are trying to keep people healthy even if it hurts the quarter! 
What fools these Amazon people be https://t.co/IbCx9qJo6b
https://t.co/7VCNyzf5H4 on what i think about these companies
Alphabet--break it up--take it to $2000 will you
Etsy Could Decline Further as the Charts Remain Weak: @BruceKamich  
Listen, i am telling people in the club that it is not worth being aggressive. 
well here we go? 
thoughts on the SPAC closing?
i have always liked you from when i tried to hire you!!
I am not disagreeing. 
But my experience is that when the S&P oscillator is minus 5, as it is, you need to stop selling 
You sell Facebook in the hole then i bet you didn't listen to the conference call...
how about some stonks?
worrisome: wear a mask.
I know it is hard to buy today. 
You have to buy in front of election day,. 
But we are very oversold and it could be a good chance to start a position 
Regulated speech or jobs: which will it be: coming up on https://t.co/7VCNyzf5H4
Futures coming back. 
Before you sell you might want to listen to what Tim Cook said yesterday. 
i will tell you at 9 a.m.
doubters stop being dumb as cardboard
I was just watching the Bridgewater hit.. got delayed
No apple is not that bad.  
You have to believe 5G doesn't matter for that to be the case...
bingo!
great call/cause
i think he was pretty open and honest about the whole tiktok situation and i admire him for coming on,. 
Maybe this will be like Lawson when he lost Uber over at Twilio? 
Not sure yet.
very disappointing to hear. 
If others have had a similarly terrible experience with CVS let me know here.
that deal turns MRVL into a power house and accelerates its revenue,. 
It is now the ultimate 5g/cloud play,. 
Good enough for me.  
http://actionalertsplus.com owns it
This kind of headline nonsense is truly ridiculous. 
As i said at the top of @MadMoneyOnCNBC these were all terrific. 
I will never blast a company for paying to try to keep its employees safe, especially Amazon which had, historically, a less than optimal reputation ...
I think $FB was excellent. 
The emphasis on small medium sized businesses and Instagram shops is sincere and lucrative...
As they go, i really liked the Google call. 
Expenses under control, advertisers back, Youtube terrific, Google Cloud to be broken out. 
$133 billion in cash. 
Best of the night? 
Many more to get through
Our mask innovators are moving to the next step and making their designs a reality!
Get to know the teams because hopefully you’ll be wearing their mask designs very soon! 😷 
@SheilKapadia what do you think are the possibilities that Reagor gets a lot of playing time/targets/looks this weekend?
Shares of Quidel Could Eventually Rally, Wait to Buy Strength: @BruceKamich https://t.co/z54dUkWZCZ
the analyst who slammed UPS this morning doesn't know Carol Tome, the ceo, is. 
She guaranteed no shortfall with a company that always has a shortfall for the holidays...
Marvell deal accelerates the growth rate. 
AMD almost done getting his. 
Both stocks owned by the trust; https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog club tells it
Must must try the tomato pie--no cheese- with banana peppers. 
You will not regret it. Wings now MUCH better. $DPZ
Easy, right here, it's all UPS
thanks so much!
I had KFC a month ago, as good as ever. 
Haven't been to taco since Brian left it --don't go to Pizza Hut--that's Yum--thoughts?
Southern's Fanning saying we are learning to live with Covid. 
Unfortunately that's something only for the province of youth..
SARS culture. Big country. Disciplined... 
We can never have that kind of obedience. 
Just not the nature of our "rugged individualism" culture...
Pinterest is much less Facebook and much more a sense of targeted ads for discrete verticals.
I have Etsy tonight and they will talk about declining rate of sales of masks... 
Disappointing portion of the call..
in retrospect Dunkin seems so easy. 
But a week ago the trade was to short dunkin go long Starbucks ahead of the quarters as $SBUX has China.
Germany calling for an end to social life to save lives from Covid
truly frightening 
You think they did it pounding the bars at night and attending games and rallies and screaming their darned fool heads off while walking around maskless and staying near each other while not giving up info--anonymously-- about where they have been?  
Was that Taiwan's secret?
I have upgraded my game... mezcal
Buy the stock of UPS tomorrow. 
Sellers don't know Carol Tome. 
I know Carol Tome.
Thanks to so many for the kind words about my close.. 
We are a first rate nation and we need to deal with covid like you would a war. 
It is a nasty cunning enemy and we should be using everything we have to defeat it. 
Some of us know all to well not to minimize this!
kid's got horse sense 
for years i pretended that i had unusual sleeping patterns but, i 
owned up as the years went on. 
I liked the Ford call very much. no mumbo jumbo. CEO loves cars. nice change of pace. wants to make money, too. 
Another change of pace.
AMD Is Now More Competitive in High-End Gaming -- 
But Nvidia Still Has Strengths: @EricJhonsa  
It works. the president took it to recover..  but it is not easily made 
actually they would be the first to tell you they don't. 
if only regeneron could make enough of its drug to matter..
they failed us in washington in so many ways..
And i mean THEY
Honestly, I think Splendid and Vile was boring until Hopkins went to London.. 
I like you, you got horse sense
thank you so much! Speak of the bacon devil, tonight @ReginaGilgan is treating me to a cobb salad for dinner! 
The bottom fishers in the oil patch keep getting spared.. 
Look at that Apache. UGLY!
you have to get in ahead of that because you don't need a weather man to know which way the wind blows 
I know, The House of Tudor got smoked says the Chillman 
i think it is his worst, @hmeisler 
two of my best. 
what side of the trade are you on, Jimmy Chill asks? 
You have a problem in close listening
We stand together, my friend!!!
Can't love London enough!
it will take a little time for it to settle down because of the deal but i would bet with Su any day, 
should i trash them even though they are my friends outside the office and it isn't phony?? 
I needed some Churchill from @WilfredFrost.. he's gotten too American.. 
@SaraEisen wearing off on him.. 
Next thing you know Wilf will be talking about the Bengals and i am not talking about The Lives of the Bengal Lancers! Hoo-hah!
Down 964--come on bears, couldn't you take it down 1000? 
NAZZ just crushed... opportunity ? or disaster... 
@36westbrook had the best game awareness of anyone i have ever seen in an Eagles uniform. 
But he crushed me in fantasy that day
"they" have been trying to get market down 1000 for the last hour ...failure
I know that it creates no value but on days like today you see the hazards of high dollar amount stocks and the refusal to split shares. 
You get large dislocations you would not otherwise get
MSFT-- wait to buy it... @ScottWapnerCNBC thanks for the shout out!!
has covid beaten us? 
I think if we all do our part we can beat it back but it is getting late  in the game.
nailed it 
watch Masco for the bull market in renovation..
No turn in tech until MSFT bottoms..
Happy Halloween
We the people... can do whatever the hell we want to do
I reiterate nothing in these earnings causing downturn...
Don't blame the earnings..
Will the stock market keep going down until we have a national plan? 
It's done well without one. 
BUT the failure of a national plan is so caught up in politics that i bet 50% of my followers might say we have success as a state-wide plan.
Re: MSFT's guidance. 
If you really think they couldn't predict numbers north of the consensus you didn't read the statement or the Q&A just the few words about outlook.
Watch UPS which is on @MadMoneyOnCNBC tonight. 
If we are going to hold "no outlook" to some sort of disaster scenario we are going to be fools.
This decline is being imported from Europe where things have really gotten out of control again with the pandemic. 
Do not believe, for example, that the futures led decline in Microsoft means Microsoft's guidance was weak It wasn't
