Good night, America. #Peace. 
That’s my hope... and prayer. 
See you tomorrow.
Here we are. 
The last Hank Williams #1 hit as we count down to Election Day. 
The final selection is "Take These Chains from My Heart." 
It was recorded in Hank's very last session, before his death at the age of just 29 years old. 
Life is precious and precarious. 
Take care.
You're broken down and tired
Of living life on a merry go round
And you can't find the fighter
But I see it in you so we gonna walk it out
And move mountains
We gonna walk it out
And move mountains
And I'll rise up
I'll rise like the day
I'll rise up
I'll rise unafraid
As our minds focus on an election, let’s save some pause for those facing nature’s wrath. 
We need to get serious about the climate crisis in a hurry. 
And that’s on the ballot tomorrow.
Thank you.
Thank you Robert. 
Right back at ya.
Thank you Paul. 
This means a lot.
I'm excited. 18 presidential election nights "On Air." (72 years. Maybe a record?) 
From a small radio station in rural Huntsville to here with all of you. 
The mind turns. 
Will this be my last? 
I hope not, but know it could be. 
It will be memorable. 
Thank you all for joining me.
Thank you, and please thank him for his service. 
#WhatUnitesUs
Sometimes politicians reveal the most when the cameras aren’t rolling. 
This recollection from @rhdagostino paints a personal portrait of Joe Biden and is worth the read.
One day more. 
Another day, another destiny. 
#Vote
A seasoned pro provides his take on the state of the election.
Wow. Unbelievable, but of course believable. 
The closing argument is “Fire Fauci.” 
Well, at least it has alliteration.
I remember when Nov. 3 was a pin on  a distant calendar. Now it’s tomorrow.
Just 2 days to go to Election Day. 
And that means we're down to the final 2 hits in the Hank Williams countdown. 
Tonight is an all time great, "Your Cheatin' Heart." 
It has been recorded by many stars, but there's something special about the original.
Yes. I read the audiobook. 
Thanks for your kind words.
It means a lot to see this in print. 
The Best Sellers List in today's Sunday New York Times. 
Thank you all for reading, sharing, and discussing #WhatUnitesUs. 
We feel very fortunate that our book seems to be resonating.
These Trump “intimidation caravans” are engaging in criminal behavior in at least some — I think many —instances. 
Law enforcement must take a stand on the side of public safety and justice.
Can you even begin to imagine what would happen if these caravans were made up of Black people? 
The thought experiment is the very definition of systemic racism and White privilege.
These Trump “caravans” disrupting traffic and putting motorists at risk are pathetic, juvenile, and dangerous. 
This thuggish behavior is not the American way. 
Everybody needs to say that. 
I’m happy I just did.
Pleasure to be on @MSNBC with @AlexWitt today. As our conversation showed, there’s much to reflect on as the conversation showed, there’s much to reflect on as the country moves through the last day of early voting and into Election Day (what I now call “Vote Day”) 
If you haven’t already, make a plan to vote and stay steady.
Courage. 
I am honored to be here with all of you in a spirit of #WhatUnitesUs.
Am I sure this will be our destiny? 
No. But I have seen many in history make a grave mistake in betting against this nation and its people's ability to right its wrongs, move towards a path to justice, and regain a steady charting of the future.
Do what you can to make this moment count. 
#VOTE . 
Encourage others to do so. 
And at the same time, remember we are Americans and our future is one that is better in seeking the bonds of unity than in stoking the fires of division. 
I remain an optimist. It's an optimism forged by a lifetime of experience, a belief in the basic decency of most people. 
I pray for a reduction of tension, a loosening of party politics as the core definition of our populace, a return to a nation of ideas and ideals.
Healing doesn't mean forfeiting one's values. 
It does not mean watering down the structural, policy, and cultural changes we will have to make. 
But it does mean not losing a sense of one's humanity, humility, and empathy.
But part of being steady is to recognize that beyond the current horizons, others loom. 
This nation will have to find a way to heal, no matter how improbable that seems today.
For many years now, I have taken to this platform and others, to urge my fellow citizens to take a long view of history, to recognize the peril we have faced in the past, to shine the bright light of justice on our divisions and inequalities, and to, above all, remain steady.
For all the intimidation and suppression of the vote, it has never been easier in most places in this nation to cast a ballot. 
The early and mail-in vote numbers, staggering in their aggregate and state-by-state breakdowns, are evidence of this.
I do not mean to underestimate the threats to a fair and free election. 
But we should also approach that question with a degree of calm and sense of purpose.
Today, the feeling is quite different. 
The challenge is dire but it is internal. 
The choice is ours to make, at least to the point that the votes and the will of the people will prevail
I have felt this before, during World War II and the Cuban Missile Crisis, to name two particularly precarious chapters in American and global history. 
In both cases there was a chance that outside forces would exterminate, quite literally, our nation and its ideals.
We never really know what lies before us, but the cone of uncertainty at this moment is so wide that it seems to stretch in almost every conceivable direction. 
There are plausible scenarios that auger for a fundamental redefinition of this nation and this world.
A long thought for today: 
We are on the precipice, of that we are sure. 
Of what exactly, there are hints and whispers and clues, but the haze of the future is unknowable.
We had a president who was “nothing but net.” 
Now we have one who is “nothing but debt.”
Video of menacing caravans of flag-festooned trucks streaking across the flatlands set to ominous music. 
Trying to remember where I saw similar imagery before.
I think we are at the point where Donald Trump is demanding to see COVID’s birth certificate - the long form.
Once in a blue moon... (finish the phrase as you please)
It's 3 days to go in the Hank Williams countdown of #1 hits to Election Day. 
Today's tune is "Kaw-Liga" and it's a song unlike any other. 
It's about love and longing, but with a twist from a very different time. 
Two more days to go. 
Desperate to escape the poll parsing and doom scrolling? 
May I suggest our documentary HUMAN NATURE, about the #CRISPR science revolution (which got this year's NOBEL PRIZE). 
It's on Netflix. 
Seen it? 
I'd love to hear your thoughts. 
Use #HumanNatureFilm.
Just 4 days as we count Hank Williams hits to Election Day. 
Tonight we have "I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive" - the last single released during Williams' lifetime. 
With lyrics like "I had a lot a luck but it's all been bad" it's songwriting gold.
Hope to see you at 6pm Eastern when I talk #WhatUnitesUs hosted by @PoliticsProse with @jestei, author of "The Firsts" about the women reshaping Congress. 
You can sign up here: https://t.co/fwOWroRHZ0?amp=1
So proud of my hometown. 
A voting rights success story. 
A model for the nation.
VERY IMPORTANT. PLEASE SHARE WIDELY. 
There is no longer really voting by mail in many states. 
If you haven’t sent in your ballot, it is likely too late for it to count. 
Find other options ASAP.  
Drop it off. 
Vote in person. 
This is a great resource.
Hope to see you tomorrow, 6pm ET for a discussion of #WhatUnitesUs with @PoliticsProse.
Thank you Andy. 
You are a pro and the honor is mine to work with you.
More of this please, corporate America. 
I don't know what will happen on Tue. 
But I do know on 11/8, #WhatUnitesUs will be at # 6 on the @nytimes bestsellers list. 
None of this would have happened without your support. 
I am truly humbled, not a common emotion for current (or even former) news anchors. 
#Gratitude.
Seeing the vote turnout, in Georgia in particular, I just wish John Lewis was still around to witness this.
Science. (That’s it. That’s the tweet. Pass it on).
We are down to 5 days, but we're still cookin' with the Hank Williams hits in our countdown to Election Day. 
Today we have a fun one: "Jambalaya (On the Bayou)." 
Jambalaya and a craw fish pie and filé gumbo for everyone!
This will certainly not get the attention it deserves. 
Please help spread its reach by clicking, reading, and sharing. 
Blockbuster and very important investigative reporting by @EricLiptonNYT @BenWeiserNYT.
I’ve got this crazy idea. 
Stick with me for a moment. 
People vote before a deadline. 
And then we count all those votes to see who won. 
Back in my day we called that American democracy. 
I guess today it’s socialism?
“After 2 weeks of multiple health screens and asking everyone to quarantine, I surprised my closest inner circle with a trip to a private island where we could pretend things were normal just for a brief moment in time.”
Huge numbers. 
Where this all leads, what it eventually means will be very interesting to see.9
I love words. 
I just wish there were fewer anodyne synonyms and euphemisms for LYING. 
Call it what it is.
This. ALL of this. Smile. Hope. The Future. 
#WhatUnitesUs 
Well, when you put it that way... 
6 Days. 
Well, the Hank Williams countdown of #1 hits races on. 
Tonight, we have a shift in tone from blues to "Hey, Good Lookin'." 
It's another of the few songs for which we have video of Hank performing, including a cameo by June Carter (before the Cash). 
My thoughts are with all in the path of nature’s wrath. 
We will need to be ready to act and give aid in the wake of this potential but likely very real disaster.
I just want to live in an America where I can give my grandson a hug.
Thank you and please thank your father! 
I fully endorse smiles 😀.  
They are certainly part of #WhatUnitesUs!
By my definition, “pro life” would include making sure elderly rally goers have a bus to take them home from the cold. 
(Not to mention not surrendering to the pandemic)
I did a 60 Minutes profile on Billy Joe many years back. 
Sadly, I don't think the video is available but you can read it here.

Another great Texas music icon is gone. 
Billy Joe Shaver was a bona fide, certified, Lone Star original - a throwback to a far different time. 
This was echoed in the music he wrote and performed over a long and very adventurous life.

Hope to see many of you on Friday when I talk #WhatUnitesUs (via video) at @PoliticsProse. 
I love this idea.
I am sorry. 
I don’t want to editorialize. 
But this is NUTS. 
You’re the @nytimes. 
Have some respect for yourself. 
Maybe Wall Street can tell Donald Trump he hasn’t turned the corner on COVID? 
Just a friendly, Wednesday reminder. 
Please support INDEPENDENT BOOKSTORES. 
They are important local businesses and vital to our communities. 
They must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.  
Feel free to share and tag your favorites in the comments. 
(Pictures are always a plus).
He sees them as props. 
When a metaphor becomes a reality. 
Excusez moi?
A season unlike any other. 
ends with triumph for the mighty Dodgers. 
Congrats to them and the plucky Rays. 
A very good series. 
I close my eyes and savor the joys of baseball. 
For a moment, life is normal and explainable. 
We cannot give up on this vision.  
#WhatUnitesUs
Just one week! 
Hard to believe, but the Hank Williams Election Day # 1 hits countdown keeps on truckin'. 
Today we have a gem, "Cold, Cold Heart." Not only is it a classic of music and verse, it's one of the few songs where we have Hank singing on film.
An important read
For all that is going on, let’s not forget the dangers of anti-Semitism.
❤️
I love hearing this. 
Please support your local, independent bookstores. 
They must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.
One week. 
#Vote like democracy depends on it. 
Because it does.
The waters roil tonight. 
Our ship of state sways. 
But the vote, as stressed as it may be, is the keel that will right our vessel into a calmer, and far fairer, sea. 
#Steady.
Ok. 8 days to go! 
And hitting the Hank Williams Election Countdown Jukebox today is... "Moanin' the Blues." 
The song kicks off with the opening line, "When my baby moved out and the blues moved in..." Amazing. 
Released 70 years ago. 
Last week's #WhatUnitesUs Indie Bookstore Challenge was a great success, supporting wonderful local businesses. 
But this article reminds us these vital parts of our communities face stark challenges. 
Whether buying my book or others, please support them.
I know I'm late to the meme, but here it is. 
Thank you all for joining me on this improbable journey.
