Kelly Loeffler has a jet. 
Must be nice.
RUN (Hulu): No extraneous bullshit. 
Just nerve-splintering terror.
Trump is toast.
THE FIVE, on Fox News: 
Are they discussing Trump’s increasingly embarrassing (and crazy) efforts to overturn the election? 
No. Are they discussing another 700 Americans dead of COVID? 
No. They are discussing a guy who rescued his puppy from a gator.
Instead of a DA, you'd have a priest who would do...wait for it...CROSS examinations!
Sometimes I just...fucking...AMAZE myself.
The best part of LAW &amp; ORDER: 
VAMPIRE SQUAD would be the stake-outs.
Stake-outs, geddit?
Yup, sounds about right. 
This painting by the multi-talented Jack Bender (LOST, UNDER THE DOME, MR. MERCEDES). 
It explains perfectly why Trump won't--can't--give up, even though it's hurting his country.
LAW &amp; ORDER: VAMPIRE SQUAD.
I tell ya, it has to happen.
That makes my day. 
I can't understand why McConnell won't speak up. 
He won his election and doesn't have to face voters for another 6 years. 
He may not then; 
he would be 86 or so. 
It's now Mitch McConnell who needs to worry about his legacy.
The Republicans will go to the polls en masse. 
I hope the Democrats will do the same, but I just don't know.
The Georgia Senatorial runoffs: 
I'm not hopeful, but I'm trying to be. 
If the Dems could win those two seats, it might mean the difference between an ineffectual Biden presidency and one where he could undo some of the damage Trump has done to America.
You exist.
I’m almost sure of it.
That's exactly the one I have.
Nailed it. Hooray Brian! 
O'Brien or the Barbarian? 
Perhaps both? 
Sidekicks in battle and late-night TV?
I have to believe that some of the current horrific surge in COVID cases--2,000 dying each day--traces back to Trump's chain of rallies in October.
My grandson spotted my old Sony Walkman. 
“What’s this?” he asked.
All right, I was wrong--under the correct circumstances, even people who take precautions can get COVID-19. 
That said, Rick Scott did campaign events in Georgia w/o a mask, so stupidity DOES play a part.
Yeah, I thought of that after I tweeted it. 
Thing is, the damn COVID is everywhere now. 
Stupidity isn’t the only reason.
Happy birthday!!!! 😀 
Rick Scott, another Republican big shot with COVID. 
It proves yet again that for many people, coronavirus isn’t a disease, but a symptom—the root cause being stupidity.
Wonderful books, and wonderful titles, like THE SOUND AND THE FURRY. 
After foolishly attacking Molly, aka the Thing of Evil, this reckless strawberry paid the ultimate price. 
Cut the shit, Don. You lost. Man up.
Seen THE QUEEN'S GAMBIT? 
Another Scott Frank, limited series, GODLESS, is just as good (Netflix). 
And as a bonus, who did I spy but Kim Coates, my old SOA buddy.
THE QUEEN’S GAMBIT.
Trump’s tweets are becoming increasingly frantic and deranged. 
He’s a danger to the republic.
Heaven has better things to do. 
Like welcoming in 250,000 American souls who died while these superstitious assholes spread the disease by refusing to wear masks.
250,000 dead.
‘Where does the buck stop?
Donald Trump.
By this weekend, A QUARTER OF A MILLION AMERICANS WILL BE DEAD OF COVID-19. 
Trump doesn’t talk about it or tweet about it. 
Only the election. 
Which he lost.
What song hit you so hard that you remember where you were the first time you heard it? 
For me, "Bad Moon Rising," by Creedence Clearwater Revival.
Here's a map that goes with LATER, to be published by Hardcase Crime early next year. 
I think it's pretty cool. 
The artist is Robert Hack, and you can check him up on Twitter.  
The book is pre-COVID, of course, but I hope lots of fun.
The media never declared Hillary Clinton the victor. 
Why are you smoking?
Great list, but kinda mellow. 
How about some James Brown and Jerry Lee Lewis?