Thank you so much!!!
why not! owner has horse sense 
We are studying more than 20 stocks that have gone parabolic and that's extraordinary. 
great for those who own them and horrendous for those who are short. 
Tell me what you did today in those stocks?
I am loving this lightweight and breathable design from @LuminosityLab at @ASU!
To vote for this design or to see the rest of our top 10 masks ➡️ http://xprize.org/masksurvey
#nextgenmask 
#MillionDollarMask
Thanks, @tonyhawk!
You miss my point entirely. 
I am saying that when you have a monumental move like today you can take out your basis and then play with the house's money for as long as you wish. 
Please understand that. 
It is vital to portfolio management. 
Not a sell call. 
Take some profits 
Where are the sellers? 
What happened to them? 
There's so much performance to be made here and there are no sellers!
I want to make this clear to all RobinHood customers who follow me. 
You made more today in EV/hydro than i have ever seen in one day. 
Why not take something off and play with the house's money? 
PLEASE!
We had the other half of the barbell go nuts today but with the pandemic raging it could go back to online for Christmas. 
Watch tonight..  
Now there's a bold and happy stance! 
Chill says Go Get em Tiger!!!
There has never been anything like what i have seen in the EV/hydrogen space. 
Begging people to take some profits and play with the house's money. 
BEGGING
i have kept you out all the way down and then said buy PXD and CVX so Big_Bull31 why don't you buy yourself some q-tips and stop watching me cause you aren't listening anyway.
watch tonight's off the charts for what to do 
great choice!! 
what an incredible move that one has had since we re-evaluated it... 
If it has fuel in its name and it is not carbon or if it is green hydrogen it went nuts today. 
Where are the sellers?
Hard to blame the analyst...
DPW EV charger!! oh yeah
These moves are astonishing!
FTEK?
FCEL?? oh man
I have been talking EV and hydrogen forever but i did not expect these moves today. 
I am urging kids who captured these moves to take something off the table tomorrow. PLEASE!
Will Carnival bang the market with another secondary? 
The RobinHooders don't mind dilution. 
They seem to love it. 
Volume begets buying
The President has yet to tweet that this was fraudulent, too.  
Waiting 
Grow Generation, one of our faves, and Corsair, which we admired last week-two big RobinHood names on the move... 
BLNK? short squeeze?
these Chinese EV names!!!
XPEV--huge RobinHood name-colossal move!
My hope is that Biden keeps Jay Powell who has done such a great job...
Zebra Technologies Could Correct in the Weeks Ahead: @BruceKamich 
And that's just what we intend to do.. vote for your fave: https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN. 
They will be the ones
Jimmy Chill says he wishes he was as powerful as Mr. CAnnabis thinks he is.
There's a funny name. 
How does that one work with your bosses?  
Unless you are at a Pot company, probably not so well. 
Let's ask them!!!
I love these RobinHood stocks.. 
They fly!  
And there's no supply at higher levels. 
How the heck is that possible. 
We need to stop denigrating them.
Biden finally trying to reclaim the narrative...
Trump will be furious that these cabinet appointments bump him from the front page. 
Bad enough that he lost Schwarzman..  
GOP leadership too cowed to break with him... for now..
Can you believe how right the RobinHood traders are again? 
As long as they take some profits i salute them!
You want a wild one? 
the mlps'. AMLP and IMLPX--get this, if Biden makes it impossible to put up more pipes these dogs could get a second wind. 
Do not pay up, that wrecks it. 
Wait on the bid side
Dry ice shortage!!  
We know UPS makes it... 
I only wish that Amazon played a role here. 
They would solve a lot of logistical issues. 
Anyone else have thoughts on dry ice?
YELLEN! Much loved; worth a lot more for the Dow. 
very big deal, great Treasury candidate..
You want to see success? 
Cramer fave Plug Power raised $845 million last week at $22.25 and now it is at $26.91. 
That's pretty amazing. 
A total vote of confidence in hydrogen.. $PLUG
Insane "opening" trade? Or logical.. 
Watch tonight on @MadMoneyOnCNBC
Hormel Foods Could Fail to Find Buying Support: @BruceKamich
Another incredible @xprize #NextGenMask team doing amazing work! 
Love the design? 
Go to http://xprize.org/masksurvey to see the other top designs and vote for your favorite!
definitely
This is a big worry of mine.. 
What if Biden changes direction? 
I still think april is possible for many 
I am sure they will know perfectly who will get it, too. 
https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog owns it. 
Crushed by Amazon. 
but not to worry, correct?
UPS has the same freezer farm system. 
They only have one. I am sure that's enough, correct? 
My last word on this: I want to believe in UPS/McKesson/CVS/Walgreen's. 
they are great companies. 
I just reserve the right to be skeptical given how we have no plan about allocation and inoculation... 
Done talking about it .
Again, great great plan. 
I just want people to be realistic.. 
we are not yet ready for it. 
Would it be better if i just made things up, ignore all my sources, and say it is all going to work well? 
Is that what people want? 
For me to lie about what i know? 
I just can't
ag complex is insanely positive 
Okay, so Moderna has 20 million doses by yearend, Here' is my point. 
Who gets it? 
We have 320 million people in the country,... 
What's the plan? 
I keep asking that because how often have we heard about the testing plan?  
We have to be realistic. 
Who gets it?
total agreement, it got crushed by Amazon last week
Look, here's the issue. 
We want the vaccine. 
We like the private sector distribution. 
We DON'T like that there is no skepticism about it. 
Initially there was not enough skepticism about testing...I trust McKesson, Pfizer, CVS.. but i am skeptical about who gets it and when
and CVS? Minus 90??? 
Not that i know of https://t.co/THQKLN7x8p
How about someone who has studied the issue better than others...what did you think of the note?  
Did you even read it ?
Zebra has the technology to measure if the dosage spoils 
Yes, but Leerink says it wont be coming here... 
The temperature is an issue. 
The age guidelines aren't clear. 
We can't be sure. 
I want to believe !!!!
I have faith that if CVS/WBA gets it they will do it
so do you think after the health care workers get it Walgreen's will know how to handle Pfizer's drug? 
where are the vials? Warehouses. 
How many do they have? they haven't told us
of course... i have a family...i like seeing them 
this is exactly what i mean... 
I understand that but the places that get it are not equipped to handle it. 
Why is that so hard for people to understand? 
Everyone seems to think this will be like the flu vaccine.. 
That's foolish.
of course i watched that. and that's part of the problem. 
Is is Army to Mckesson? 
Army to CVS? 
Army to the Governors? 
Army to where, to what?  
It's like testing
I am tired of being fooled
shame me once--I believed we knew how to test. 
Now, shame  me twice? 
we know how to distribute and inoculate?
Texas gets it, how about NJ, how about NY? 
How about hated states like California? 
Come on, let's just play it as it lays
The states coordinated with the White House? 
The Texas Governor simply does not know how it is going to work. 
December 12th? How can he say these things? Let's be realistic. 
They have no plan. 
The drug stores DO NOT KNOW WHAT TO DO
why do we think all are capable when they have not spoken on this in a coherent way
the flu vaccine seems a lot more stable... 
I think everything is state by state. 
It's just that we aren't getting the feeling from the CDC what to do.. 
Great question: because the states have control but they don't want to do it. 
CVS and Walgreen and Mckesson think they have it. The military says they are distributing it. 
UPS and FDX think they have it. 
Nobody has the technology to keep it cold for long as you need to do for PFE
Refreshing to hear @SquawkCNBC a realistic assessment of when we get real help--July.. 
I also like that he talks about the deliver system--no need for crazy fridge levels--Astra Zeneca..
the real confusion, We have no plan for the dispensing of the vaccines because it is being delegated to the states, but the states, frankly, are pretty lame. 
They can keep talking about success but no one knows how the administration will handle it
good analyst speak 
love 
Perfection
good list of terms to ban 
More new ways to look at it: 
Nevada governor cuts capacity limits for casinos. 
Coward or commonsense? 
Evenly split? 
Idiot and fraudulent or prudent and wise? 
You be the judge!
Here's another way to look at my feed: 
everyone's wrong; 
there's voter fraud everywhere, and we are a lousy country. 
My name is Chillman and i refuse to endorse this message.
Chillman says of course they got it wrong. 
We know that. 
Tell me something we don't know. 
I grow tired of reading the same indictments. 
Also can you find me a fraudulent ballot in Bucks or Berks Counties? 
Just picking two of my faves.
Let me double-click and unpack that for a second... 
The salesforce PT boost seems to have some traction -- -$285 to $320 by Jefferies... 
Best research i have seen for this a.m.
This is the difference: 
Taiwan and Singapore issue mask mandates and they are followed. 
States issue mask mandates here and they are often laughed at...except in NY where you never see someone without a mask. 
How are our percentages?
analysts should stop saying they want to "double-click"  on something as it makes them sound like total geeks.
Astra-Zeneca 90% shows that science is succeeding.. 
Very promising...
As someone who has now read maybe 500 conference calls this earnings season my advice to management: 
Stop saying you are "laser-focused." 
We are sick of it.
Chillman to Johnnymac, that's a picture taken by my daughter as she visited her old Tulane stomping grounds. But i love your outrage and wish you the best of luck with your anger. 
I'm not a doctor but may i suggest Xanax so you don't further embarrass yourself? Hoo-hah!
i am most grateful for this kind tweet and thanks for being with the club
I immediately asked my doctor and he said i didn't fit the profile.. 
Can't get it over the counter 
total agreement! 
We did it because we found that there were many objections to that mask and all the others. 
So we unleashed youth  to try to make a better one. 
Why not try?I don't mind the thoughts though. 
But if we can get a more wearable mask maybe we save lives?  
You get that
Scary--same as 4 p.m.
We needed a better mask, and now they are here! 
10 young innovators from around the globe have answered the call with designs to build a better mask and now we need YOUR help!
Help us narrow it down to the Top 5 -> http://xprize.org/masksurvey
#NextGenMask
Only 50 spots left. 
Get in the Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest for Week 11 on @DraftKings 
Enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC
I reveal my lineup LIVE at 11:30 am (est) 
Does anyone else remember that ridiculous $63 bid for  this incredibly weak retailer that so many were short??  
Would be hysterically funny if it weren't for the real jobs that will be lost.
Play against me on Draft Kings-- CramersCashcontest... and get ready for our @BullMktFantasy show.. where we can get you the GTD and wild ideas to be able to salvage your season.
WE NEED YOUR VOTE!
10 young innovators from around the globe have developed game changing masks, and now we need to narrow it down to 5!
Look at the Top 10 designs, vote for your favorite and stay tuned for the $1m winner announcement -> http://xprize.org/masksurvey 
#NextGenMask
The Top 10 masks in our @xprize #NextGenMask Challenge come from around the world 
#TeamMerlin is representing their home state of Hawaii! 
Want to vote for this mask and see the other top designs? 
➡️Go to http://xprize.org/masksurvey
There are two concepts here. 
One is a mandate and two is if it is obeyed. 
Most mandates in states where there are spikes are not obeyed. 
And if they are taken off for restaurants, bars, or other places people congregate including houses of worship then they can fail
Countries in Asia sell them that way 
French Quarter 4 pm 
amazing article about the pandemic and how much more there is to do
Is Dalvin Cook the best cash game running back for Week 11?  
Will Terry McLaurin catch 7 passes for the 5th straight week?
@DraftKings Week 11 strategy on @dklive #ad
We hoped for a better mask, and now they are here! 
10 young innovators from around the globe have answered the call with designs to build a better mask and now we need YOUR help!
Help us narrow it down to the Top 5 -> http://xprize.org/masksurvey
#NextGenMask
WE NEED YOUR HELP!
10 young innovators from around the globe have developed game changing masks, and now we need to narrow it down to 5!
Look at the Top 10 designs, vote for your favorite and stay tuned for the $1m winner announcement -> http://xprize.org/masksurvey 
#NextGenMask
Marley is the kind of dog you need in a pandemic 
Only two games on the @DraftKings Sunday main slate with an O/U above 50! 
Packers/Colts and Falcons/Saints.
Come play against me in Week 11. Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter. 
Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here https://dkng.co/CCC  #Ad
Something is very much up the president's sleeve when it comes to Georgia as the recount meant nothing to him... 
the idea that we are "too late" with masks is so nice and sweet because it also means that there will only be one pandemic. 
Oh glorious! 
Just one...  
Dream on, Sunshine
Chillman calls you a Covid-sniffer!!! 
Congratz and enjoy...
The kids made some great masks!!!  
Let the voting begin! 🗳️ 
Help us choose the Top 5 of the Next-Gen Mask Challenge. 
Pick your favorite from the Top 10 so people can start wearing masks they actually enjoy. 
May the best mask win! 
#milliondollarmask #nextgenmask
I sure hope you get it. 
Everyone in the chain should get it first because your lives are on the line everyday...
I just want a plan. 
I see multiple plans...3:30 a.m. and one cup of coffee 
I am most grateful for these kind comments. 
It's the playoffs... 
There go the "UP" stocks!
I want to stick to stocks. 
I can't as long as we don't know for certain who will be in the Oval Office. 
Biden has to start taking charge and get the current president off the front pages ....
Sure trying
December 15 will be the day to watch, after the Electoral College votes--unless Justice can somehow try to stop it from happening. 
No real path there but Barr could try....
Amen..and it should not be this way... 
Got a nice surprise from the @xprize team!
When @Benioff and I set off to create a better mask, we knew young innovators would answer the call to help. 
Now we have 10 incredible designs and we need your help to narrow it down!
See the 😷 & vote ➡️ http://xprize.org/masksurvey
Georgia hand count goes for Biden. 
Let's see if it changes anything,...
Again, i gave you the Detroit News Story about this. 
I do not like politics, i do like stability. 
I do not think having two presidents is good for stability
The king of the Chill thinks that President Elect Joe Biden should start appointing members of his cabinet tomorrow, all we hear about is President Trump and the other guy...
i know i am getting ZERO traction here but nobody believed that Trump would ever be president and now few believe his tweets that he's going nowhere. 
I think that's ill-advised...
Listen to Dr. Faust!
READ THE TWEETS
yes i am concerned about the idea of two presidents.  
If you aren't you must not be following the president who believes that he won pretty big and it was rigged and i think the Justice Department will agree.
Please vote for your favorite mask: https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN 
two missions: read the tweets and vote for the best mask..
Those of you who doubt me about what can happen—and remember I am saying “can” happen, read this story about Michigan and the election… READ THE TWEETS
The time has come!
The Top 10 masks designed by young innovators from around the globe are here! 
They address fashion, function, protection and more. 
We now need YOUR help to choose our Top 5!
Vote ➡️ http://xprize.org/masksurvey 
#nextgenmask 
graceful resignation? or entrenched and going nowhere 
The Roku Rally!
Here we go again, ServiceNow, RingCentral, OKTA--the usual gang flying
they won't 
Does this sound like a man who is ready to go? 
I mean are you kidding me? 
He's much more serious about staying in the White House than Biden seems about getting him out of the White House. 
READ THE TWEETS!
I will tell you what is amazing, Richard, the tweets and the campaign fund appeals are what make me feel that people are too complacent about what can happen here.
Chill, no kidding. 
you just destroy their habitats.  
Stay focused 