A longtime Trump adviser on Trump’s tweets instructing GSA to begin transition: 
“there you go. It’s over.” 
The GSA press office is describing the letter from @GSAEmily as a “letter of ascertainment...” 
This is the most open Trump has sounded about a transition since the election. 
Of course Trump being Trump he could totally reverse course.  
And there almost two months to go before Jan 20.
Our @KristenhCNN reporting that GSA has informed Biden team in letter to begin transition and has notified WH COS Meadows in that same letter that GSA is starting the process.
CNN: The Michigan Board of State Canvassers certified election results for the 2020 presidential election at a Monday meeting. 
The state’s 16 electors will now go to the winner of the popular of the vote of the state, Joe Biden.
Biden Transition: “Former Secretary of State John Kerry will fight climate change full-time as Special Presidential Envoy for Climate and will sit on the National Security Council. 
This marks the first time that the NSC will include an official dedicated to climate change.”
Murkowski statement: “A pressure campaign on state legislators to influence the electoral outcome is not only unprecedented but inconsistent with our democratic process. 
It is time to begin the full and formal transition process.”
My colleague @kaitlancollins is a dedicated journalist who always asks the right questions. 
It must be stated how disappointing it is to see outgoing 
@PressSec hurl insults  at reporters. 
Like so many admin employees she has forgotten she works for the American people. 
Not Trump.
Enjoyed the conversation. Thanks Michael. 
CNN: Georgia has finished its statewide audit, according to a press release from the GA Secretary of State’s office. 
President-elect Biden beat Trump by 12,284 votes, according to final results from the audit.
Outrageous that the VP would not take questions at a news briefing as the president is raising questions about the legitimacy of the election. 
“Are you on board with what Trump is doing or not?” is a question he should be prepared to answer.
Arizona’s Secretary of State says she’s getting death threats, calls on AZ Gov @dougducey to “stand up for the truth.”
Stewing in the WH, the lame duck president just fired a leading cybersecurity official in Chris Krebs who vouched for the security of US election. 
Trump still has more than two months before he has to go. 
Two more months to settle scores and potentially cause great damage.
Two years ago today... 
Federal judge ordered the WH to give back my press pass. 
Time flies... 

