While we’ve been watching “other” news, “this” happened. Tonopah is not just any old test range.
Just to ensure total accuracy. 
Acting Secretary Miller stepped before cameras, read a statement and took no questions from reporters on the end of America’s longest war. 
Since then attacks in both Iraq and Afghanistan
They will go to six civilian hospitals in four cities to help overworked health care staff
Just In: Sixty Air Force medical personnel on their way to North Dakota to help hospitals there treat Covid patients
And if the acting Defense Secretary who has the job of potentially sending young Americans to combat, young Americans willing  to perish defending the Constitution which includes freedom of the press, why can’t he answer questions in an actual public setting.
@DanLamothe is a journalist who always chooses his words carefully and never chooses them lightly 
Btw the press today also was not permitted to even standby in its usual spot. 
All efforts made by @TaraCopp and @ whose voices you hear.
Once again the Pentagon press corps publicly asks questions of acting Def Sec Chris Miller and is not acknowledged. 
Answering the press in public, on the record has not happened. 
Any explanation ? 
Please discuss
27 years old. 
Just think of it 
Watch these wonderful children of military families leave messages on their doorbell for deployed Dad to check....
DOD reported record high number Covid-19 cases in one day; 1,314 new cases Tues. 
Right now about 25,000 cases in the ranks, dozens of bases across the country now back at "Charlie"--a rating for strict health protection measures.
"Even with further US reductions, NATO will continue its mission to train, advise and assist the Afghan security forces. 
We are also committed to funding them through 2024."
"We went into Afghanistan together. 
And when the time is right, we should leave together in a coordinated and orderly way.  
I count on all NATO allies to live up to this commitment, for our own security.”
Just in: 
@NATO Secretary General @jensstoltenberg in a statement to CNN issue stark warning on @realDonaldTrump drawdown plan in part saying "the price for leaving too soon or in an uncoordinated way could be very high."
"I am incapable of describing just how much I appreciate your stalwart service to our Nation and look forward to supporting your great efforts to protect the American people." 
(Just one line in message to troops from Acting SecDef Miller. 
"incapable" not a word often used at DOD.