Testing for covid is a license to print money
Yes, very helpful. Thanks all beta testers!
Video training & inference is essential for excellent autonomy
Sigh … there should be a new supersonic jet, this time electric
Critical to humanity’s future
Congratulations SpaceX Team!
Mine is a few days ahead
Sure, it could be an option in settings
Visualization will tone down significantly for production.
These are intentionally strident colors.
Sure
I’m in Boca every week, so maybe we could talk then.
Given that Starship is not exactly subtle, this is more of a design clarification to match what people can already see.
Good point.
Probably next week in form of a written piece on SpaceX website.
Great pics!
That we now have the beginnings of a Starship production system is most meaningful.
Yup. With beta updates, there’ll be a lot of 2 steps fwd, 1 step back situations, but pace of improvement will be extremely fast.
Working on it. Also needs to be able fart at other cars on command.
Starship is coming together!
Price change is pushed to Thursday next week. Applies only to US for now.
One week clock will start in other countries as beta is released.
FSD monthly rental will also be available sometime next year.
There will be a 360 deg glass Star Bar (name tbd) at top of high bay
Well, we have said many times that the price will rise as the product functionality improves.
How much time do you think we should give?
Agreed. Are these performance tires?
Just a small-seeming issue with loss of upper stage camera.
Probably nothing serious, but standing down to re-examine whole vehicle just in case.
Sure
Now that Tesla FSD beta is out in limited release, FSD price (new or upgrade) will go up by ~$2k on Monday
As soon as we complete testing & regulators approve.
So many different traffic signs, rules & languages around world, not to mention driving on left side of road!
Also, a long & challenging road lies ahead getting to high 9’s reliability (way beyond human).
Yes
Haha
Dependent on proving high safety
Not intentional!
We just wanted to show that you could theoretically convert the entire US vehicle fleet to electric using only the lithium in Nevada, a single state.
Tesla will do lithium mining only as needed.
We also found a way to extract lithium using NaCl (table salt).
Cold gas for now, hot later
I mean, ya gotta have a tiki bar …
Starship nosecone, high bay & tiki bar 
After it gets to orbit a few times
Got a little melty tbh :)
Those engines could go 300 bar, but would be dicey.
Pushing it for near-term tests doesn’t achieve anything, but I’m confident Raptor will do 300 bar for orbital flights.
Raptor has now run for 90 secs at 300 bar chamber pressure before encountering issues.
210 mT-F sea level operating thrust seems achievable with no major changes. 
R-Boost variant is aiming for 300 ton thrust at 300 bar with same nozzle exit area.
Will need bigger pumps.
FSD beta rollout happening tonight. Will be extremely slow &amp; cautious, as it should.
Data from 3 engine Starship static fire this morning looks good. Proceeding with nosecone mate.