For sure
Will be worth it
Exactly
Sure
it’s still there
Wait until you see what Cybertruck will do
This is accidental.
Will be back shortly.
Am hoping to change booster design to land back on launch mount with no legs.
Will require extreme precision.
Chip has temp sensor & automatically maintains safe temp
Enough already on my plate & Tesla’s. Maybe one day will do a prototype.
Those are relatively easy.
Volume production with high reliability & low cost & passing all regulations is 100X harder.
Neuralink won’t overclock the brain, it will transfer processing to the supercomputer extension of your brain.
This is basically what you do when you use a smartphone or computer, but a Neuralink will have orders of magnitude faster input & output, especially latter.
We rewrote all labeling software for 4D.
Very different from labeling single photos.
Dojo won’t contribute for about a year.
It’s mostly a generalized NN training computer, but benchmark we’re tracking is frames/second.
Must beat next gen GPU/TPU clusters or it’s pointless.
Version 1 is about a year away
It would appear that their calculations were incorrect
China understands the profound importance of reusability.
The era of expendable rockets will soon be over.
♠️♠️ Tesla Autopilot/AI team ♠️♠️
Good explanation.
4D is essential for dynamically occluded objects, especially in large intersections with dense vehicle & pedestrian traffic.
Frame rate & latency from frame to wheel vector change also important.
The Phantom of the Opera 
Is here … inside your mind
🇨🇦 😀
Just looking for problem-solvers who get things done with a high sense of urgency.
Don’t care if or where they went to school.
When sending your resume, please describe a few of the hardest problems you solved & exactly how you solved them
A New Banner is needed
Neither hard left nor right
Another fine day in the simulation …
Faraday invented the electric motor, Tesla the (commutator-free, three-phase) AC induction motor, in other words, a useful electric motor
Maxwell was amazing.
Should have more recognition.
Tesla Motors, Inc., was almost called Faraday, as it took until late 2004/2005 to buy the trademark from a guy who had had it since 1995.
420 is ten times better than 42
🤗
Awaiting approval from Canadian authorities
Recruiting ace engineers for Giga Berlin! Will interview in person tomorrow on site. Send resume to 25Guns@Tesla.com.
Stop being a chad
Uh … Chad wtf
Einstein was great, but did not succeed at engineering (and he tried)
Yeah, that will be relatively easy, as so few users out in the ocean
Yes, although I didn’t expect the stock to rise so much so soon.
The reason for the stock options is that they’re needed to help pay for humanity to get to Mars in 10 to 20 years.
Super appreciate your support, Steve!
That convertible loan gave us 6 months of runway.
Fortunately, Daimler invested $50M in May 2009, 5 months later.
Closest we got was about a month.
The Model 3 ramp was extreme stress & pain for a long time — from mid 2017 to mid 2019.
Production & logistics hell.
I put in my last money, even though I thought we would still fail.
But, it was either that or certain death for Tesla. Extremely difficult to raise money for an electric car startup (considered super quirky back then), while stalwarts like GM & Chrysler were going bankrupt.
That funding round completed 6pm on Christmas Eve in 2008.
Last hour of last day possible, as investors were leaving town that night & we were 3 days away from bankruptcy.
I put in all money I had, didn’t own a house & had to borrow money from friends to pay rent.
Difficult time.
Yes
Lowering Starlink terminal cost, which may sound rather pedestrian, is actually our most difficult technical challenge
As soon as we get regulatory approval.
Hopefully, around middle of next year.
Right now, it takes about 5 mins to set up, but, with future improvements, probably less than 3 mins.
No technical knowledge needed.
Just point at open sky & plug in!
Canada and Norway are next after we get US out of early beta!
Didn’t realize that was possible.
No problem if there’s a way get current design Cybertruck approved in Europe!
As soon as we get country approval.
This is required for each country individually, as no EU-wide approval system exists.
Probably start receiving final (there are many steps) approvals around Feb/March.
Lower latitude states need more satellites in position, so probably January
Several thousand more Starlink beta participation invitations going out this week
New design is better with many minor tweaks.
Even the small details matter.
Haha
Very close to actual expected flight!