♥️
Launch in 5 minutes
Yeah, with cooling channels integrated into the chamber walls
The same propellant is used either for abort or for orbital maneuvering, as one use obviates the other
Dragon can also hover & land propulsively, but we use the parachutes for maximum safety
Thrusters are integrated with spacecraft, enabling abort capability all the way to abort for increased safety
Ok
Yeah, I feel pretty normal. No symptoms right now.
Last week, I had symptoms of a minor cold.
I’ve had some brutal flu/cold experiences, but this was mild & hopefully over.
Doing tests from several different labs, same time of day, administered by RN & am requesting N1 gene PCR cycle threshold.
There is no official standard for PCR testing.
Not sure people realize this.
Both obv insanely great, too bad they had this pointless argument
Astronaut launch today!
No kids though
Hell of a wig collection too
It would be great if labs could give people this level of granular feedback in their results
Worth reading this thread if you’re curious about rona testing
They should be imo.
If you get a blood pressure test, they tell you the number, not just if it’s high/not-high.
There is not a clear consensus on what Ct value of what cov2 gene constitutes “positive”.
A little up & down.
Feels just like a regular cold, but more body achy & cloudy head than coughing/sneezing.
DayQuil rocks.
In your opinion, at what Ct number for the cov2 N1 gene should a PCR test probably be regarded as positive?
If I’m asking the wrong question, what is a better question?
!
Cool, but please be super cautious.
Expect two steps forward, one back.
Lot of new code was merged.
Just a scratch. We can buff it out.
Am getting wildly different results from different labs, but most likely I have a moderate case of covid.
My symptoms are that of a minor cold, which is no surprise, since a coronavirus is a type of cold.
NPCs all the way up
Ahem
Unless you’re on DMT
Laws of thermodynamics:
1. You can’t win
2. You can’t break even
3. You can’t stop playing
Shakes fist at entropy
Big expansion of beta program in 6 to 8 weeks!
Interesting.
My Thursday night saliva sample came back today with N1 gene (unique to cov2) showing at cycle 26 & N3 (generic sars) at 24.
I get results of today’s test tomorrow.
Almost no symptoms today, so hopefully better results.
What’s honey?
Feels that way
This seems accurate
Cold symptoms are gone for now 😀🚀💫
There are degrees of pos
Heneghan makes a lot of sense.
Hilarious that he has to clarify that he runs the Center for *Evidence-Based* Medicine at Oxford 🤣🤣.
General public doesn’t realize quite how much of medicine is subjective or outright witchcraft.
The number of PCR amplification cycles required to detect the virus is a rough indicator of your viral load.
From what I can gather, you’re probably not infectious above 30 & you probably are below 25.
Sound about right?
This a great reference! Worth a read.
Case closed
Soon
Fwiw, lab I just spoke to thinks below 30 is accurate, 30 to 40 gets dicey & above 40 is bs.
Will talk to several more labs.
There must be a graph of PCR amplification cycle vs false positive rate somewhere.
Lab I just spoke to said cov2 PCR detection (N1 &amp; N3 genes) below 30 cycles is reliable &amp; above 40 cycles is not
Note, this is not the spike protein.
They don’t consider that reliable.
ust spoke directly to a testing lab.
Their main PCR search is for the N1 gene, unique to cov2.
N3 is also sought, but is generic to other sars viruses.
High PCR cycle count *does* give false positives, but they believe accuracy is good below 30 cycles & 40 cycles is their max.
Strange
Possible explanation for the dramatic decline in cold & flu prevalence vs prior years.
If someone comes in with cold/flu symptoms & falsely tests positive for cov2, they will assume they have it, when in fact they simply have some other form of seasonal cold/flu.
Moreover, lower the true prevalence, the higher the false positive number will be.
This sounds obvious, but it could mean a very high false positive percentage if true prevalence is low.
From https://t.co/42z7vRPB9c
Sure is
Would be great to hear from people who know a lot about the PCR testing industry.
What’s the approximate false positive rate, all things considered, for cov2 PCR tests?
Interesting
Interesting
What is the general population (no knowledge of symptoms) accuracy of a sars-cov2 PCR test & is it possible to generate a false positive if you simply run enough cycles?
A good PCR test should identify if I have the cov2 spike proteins, although I have heard some low accuracy numbers for those too.
Hard to get a straight answer. 
False positives will roughly scale with # of tests & daily test rate has gone ballistic:
Mild sniffles & cough & slight fever past few days.
Right now, no symptoms, although I did take NyQuil.
Technically, I tested positive, then negative twice, then positive again, so “Elon Musk Tests Negative for Covid” is an equally correct title.
The “rapid antigen test” from BD seems to be about as useful as a flipping a coin.
The carousel turns ever faster
Yup
Exactly
Symptoms of a typical cold. Nothing unusual so far.
If it’s happening to me, it’s happening to others.
I’m getting PCR tests from separate labs.
Results will take about 24 hours.
Something extremely bogus is going on.
Was tested for covid four times today.
Two tests came back negative, two came back positive.
Same machine, same test, same nurse.
Rapid antigen test from BD.
Burst disk worked, so vehicle appears to be ok.
We’ll have to swap out at least one of the engines.
Maybe melted an engine preburner or fuel hot gas manifold.
Whatever it is caused pneumatics loss.
We need to design out this problem.
We lost vehicle pneumatics. Reason unknown at present.
Liquid oxygen header tank pressure is rising.
Hopefully triggers burst disk to relieve pressure, otherwise it’s going to pop the cork.
🤣🤣👍
4 Astronauts fly to @Space_Station on Sat night from Cape.
First operational flight of Crew Dragon. 
Luck is the best superpower
Yes
It is an honor that they would choose to work with me.
I strive to ensure that the companies enable creative & driven people to reach their potential.
Such a privilege to work with people I like &amp; respect so much. I feel blessed.
Probably
Happy to see this :)
I do expect this to become an important product for the world, but probably not financially material for Tesla
There’s no entry/braking burn & hypersonic angle of attack is ~70 degrees
Tesla makes the RNA Bioreactor that can make vaccines / cures.
CureVac has version 2 in use.
Version 3 is under development.
Checking
I just hope this game doesn’t twist itself to tedium out of fear of being canceled
Yes, you can have my damn cookie! should be a browser setting
Thanks to a lot of great Autopilot/AI hardware & software engineers at Tesla!