Every day that this sick man chases his delusions, people die.
Pure and simple he is committing negligent homicide.
With the defeat of this Criminal Violator of our Constitution, we have taken a giant step in the preservation of our Democracy.
To secure its bedrock and The Rule of Law, he must now be prosecuted. Our 244 year experiment in Self Rule demands it.
We’re facing the biggest public health crisis in over 100 years.
Time for President Joe Biden & a broad coalition of Scientists and Health Experts to push the Lying Crybaby Loser aside and start saving lives.
I understand Trump is feeling humiliated.
That’s it. That’s the tweet.
No surprise.
After 4 years of Incompetence, Stupidity and Sociopathy, this selfish Man-Child has no problem letting thousands more die on his way out the door.
Jan.20 can’t come soon enough.
I’ve known Ron Klain for 20 years. President Biden couldn’t have chosen a better person to be his Chief-of-Staff.
The People’s House will be in intelligent experienced and steady hands.
Congratulations Ron.
I still have a hard time believing that for the past 4 years the United States of America was led by a Criminal Racist 2 year old.
But once he finishes throwing his tantrum, he’ll be gone.
Since Donald Trump has already stopped doing his job(and never really did)why wait until Jan.20.
He should leave now and let Joe Biden do what he could never do; be a real President.
Donald Trump has been protected against a lifetime of failure. Until now.
His fall is exposed for the world to see.
And all the King’s sycophants and all the King’s enablers will not be able to put Trumpty together again.
You lost. Go home.
Joe Biden takes the first major step towards bringing Covid-19 under control.
He asks that we all wear masks.
Finally, a President who cares whether we live or die.
With massive challenges ahead, Trump is blocking Biden’s transition.
He’s a spoiled brat who knows he’s lost so he upends the game board with a infantile tantrum.
The people have spoken. Now let US govern.