The 1,000,000 x .001 MAGA March
Trump is so out of sorts he’s even ripping off ideas from Louis Farrakhan... who actually did have a million people at his march.
Some day we’ll have to do something about these coloreds daring to not only have opinions but say them out loud.
Good lord, if I didn’t hear my mother swearing she would leave my father the second Telly Savalas showed up on the doorstep...
I suspect I was not the only kid hearing that.
Many thanks.
Congrats on the book! Out this week!
I misnumbered!
She’s dominating this tournament.
We had Atticus Finch in there against Abraham Lincoln and they fought a tough match to a draw.
Nope!
But she’s the only person with a shot at stopping Sandra Bullock’s march to the title.
So true!
Mississippi Burning should’ve gotten further in the tourney (tho it did lose to another oldie.)
Came in heavily favored but got crushed by Sandra Bullock’s Blind Side in Round 1.
Tough loss.
Ok, last one (for today) White Savior Elimination Tournament: Round 7: Two giants who easily dispatched their opponents in the first round go head to head to get to the White Savior semi finals.
*The goal is to find THE most redemptive white person ever, real or imagined.
He’s in round 5.
White Savior Elimination Tournament, Round 5: (Civil Rights Edition.)
*The goal is to find THE most redemptive white person ever to exist, real or imagined.
Sam Worthington is proving really strong early on here.
There’s some question about if he can weather the sheer orientalist assault of Last Samurai but remember Sam not only saved the natives but seduced the indigenous girl + got her ex man killed.
Tough competition!
Oh you KNOW I have Gene on my list.
Completely overlooking FBI harassment of MLK?
Single handedly un-lynching a black man in Mississippi?
So. Damn. Pure.
Here you have it folks, a DRAW between Honest Abe and Atticus Finch.
They’ll both proceed in the tournament to face other competition.
That movie is still in theaters.
White Savior Elimination Tournament, Round 4:
*The goal is to find THE most redemptive white person ever, real or imagined.
White Savior Elimation Tournament, Round 3: (The Heavy Hitters)
*The goal is to find THE most redemptive white person ever, real or imagined.
Don’t worry, Imaginary Lincoln is in the next round — against Atticus Finch.
Colored Commentary: Here we see a really strong showing from Dangerous Minds, really just dominating Great Wall from the beginning, showing why it has been a favorite to win it all.
Stevens deserves his own film.
Yeah but we need to put him up against a real heavy hitter.
Like maybe only Lincoln is real competition.
Hell yes.
He makes the list.
Ouch. That hurt... but nah. It’s not too soon!
White Savior Elimination Tournament Round 2: 
*The goal is to find THE most redemptive white person to ever exist, real or imagined.
We should also include that Mel Gibson joint The Patriot, where he plays a SC plantation owner who not only fights the British for freedom, but legit *pays* his slaves.
So. Damn. Good.
White Savior Elimination Tournament: Round 1.
*The goal is to find THE most redemptive white person ever, real or imagined.
Yes.
Yes
No, that’s a whole other elimination tournament in itself.
vs Kevin Costner... as Kevin Costner.
Someone should catalogue everything single white savior figure in American cinema and then make and elimination bracket.
Round one could be Spielberg’s Lincoln vs that lady from Dangerous Minds.