Well done

Nope. Not one.

well played

Absolutely. 
I do mine in heavy duty freezer zip top bags and bring them back in warm water 
(if you have an immersion circulator set to 125 and leave them for an hour).

It needs an actual washing. 
You can try getting it really hot and adding water to boil that off but I think it may actually need washing.

Interesting...indeed it is a sitcom. 
It should have been on top 10 list for sure.

I can't really vouch for either but I would stray from a power tool in this instance.

No. That's a slice. 
You see, the bread/sauce/cheese are integrated by being cooked together into one thing.

You tell me.
I'm convinced that gin is the superior Bloody Mary spirit. Oh...and tequila.

I will be very interested to read this.

Thank you so much.

Hmmm

Yeah. I’m kinda over that too

Thank you for noticing the RF nod. 
I didn’t think anyone would get it.

That’s originally how it was written!

Peanuts

I really wouldn’t do that.

I know it sounds right but...no. 
Vital gluten is produced in such a way that I don’t find it to be a replacement for the protein in flour.

I am indeed. 
My daily ride is an ‘84 911

No. And no.

It stands for “Wonka.”

Maybe

I love it.

It is.
For those that wondered, the “W” was for Wonka.

I will always love you first.

eBay

I know the world’s on fire and all but “The House That Dripped Chocolate” premieres on @FoodNetwork at 9 pm eastern and it’s my precious (bloodied) labor of love something that would be love if it weren’t so damned creepy.

spectacular

Well okay then.

Absolutely.

First ep of a new season.

Me too.

Wow. Thank you.

Trust me.

Dang

Tonight’s the night. 
Catch the premiere of “The House That Dripped Chocolate,” a masterpiece of culinary horror at 9pm EST on @FoodNetwork. 
Or stream it for free on the Food Network Watch app, no log-in required. 
#goodeatsthereturn 
#leavethelightson

Hotdogs are sandwiches. 
We’ve already settled this.

Manners maketh man.

If elected, i will have marshmallows classified as a vegetable because they used to be made with flowers.

Ouch

Hey food fans, @IngramElizabeth and I will be concocting some comestibles at 8pm eastern on the @foodnetwork app. 
Alcohol will be involved.

It's not about insulation. 
It's about moisture loss/intrusion. 
Still this isn't full on correct.

Sometimes just mad

I hate it so bad.

Excuse me? I do what?

Last night's #QuarantineQuitchen got a little trashy and a lot...cheesy. 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: https://youtube.com/watch?v=xZhawID2bHU&feature=youtu.be

Did someone set Forrest Gump on fire? 
That’s just mean!

we're doing our best to just be a fun place to go...you know?

Yeah, well they don’t pay us so...

Wow

We’ve been slack due to good eats production. 
We’ll get a tune on next week

Yeah but alcohol doesn’t know!

Not even

Nailed it!

Just so you know, @IngramElizabeth and I don’t do #QuarantineQuitchen for money or brand management or anything other than we really have come to value having you all into our home. 
Always honest, never scripted and sponsored by nobody never.

See you there.
Because I have just about had it.
Oh...and I’m going to start drinking at 7.

Don’t blame you

Dark

#QuarantineQuitchen is back tonight at 8pm on my YouTube Chanel but you probably don’t want to watch because odds are @IngramElizabeth and I are gonna use some language. 
So...just...don’t.

Nothing can get you through the madness better than the love of a dog. Let’s get this lady a home.

You can’t change definitions just because the food is good.

Don’t know

Um...no

Thank you, sir.

Thank you, Chef.

Why? QQ@is on tomorrow night!!

That is scary.

Like scary stories? 
Catch The House That Dripped Chocolate, October 8 at 9 PM EST on @FoodNetwork for a cautionary, confectionary tale... 
#goodeatsthereturn

YOU SHUT YOUR PIE HOLE!

It's a convection roaster...there's no such thing as frying in air.
Shake it over the trash can.
Hot air popcorn popper.
