
Waiting for Trump rally outside Orlando, very few supporters wearing masks, including many senior citizens. 

Just saw a Trump ad that features Fauci endorsing his handling of virus. 
Trump has sidelined Fauci in favor of people like Scott Atlas who has spread misinformation about COVID. 
Is Fauci aware he’s being used in a Trump ad?

Trump fundraising off of WH doctor clearing him to campaign again

WH doctor says Trump “no longer considered a transmission risk to others...” 

From balcony at WH, Trump told crowd the virus is “disappearing.” 
But that’s not true. 
Yesterday, Johns Hopkins reported 990 deaths and 57,420 new cases, a high level of spread that continues to worry health experts. 
Trump and top aides are still recovering from COVID-19

Next week’s presidential debate is now officially scrapped, the debate commission says.
Trump is expected to address the attendees from the balcony overlooking the South Lawn, the official added.

Trump expected to host event at WH tomorrow, a WH official confirms.
Fascinating

WH doctor says Trump on track to go back to “public engagements” on Saturday... ie campaign trail.

At gaggle, WH Comms Dir. Alyssa Farah declined to specify when Trump last tested negative, telling reporters: 
“I can’t reveal that at this time. The doctors would like to keep it private."

Trump is ranting about Hillary Clinton’s emails... less than four weeks before 2020 Election.
Trump on his current condition: 
“I’m almost not taking anything.”
Trump on Harris: 
“She wants to open up the borders to allow killers, murderers and rapists into our country.”
Trump says he doesn’t like idea of virtual debate because “they cut you off whenever they want.”
Trump says no to virtual debate.
Cutting the mics would be nice... but the debate moderators really need a lie swatter.

Pence repeats WH talking points on “very fine people on both sides.” 
Trump equivocated on white supremacy in his multiple statements on the violence in Charlottesville. 
It’s why both members of both parties were shocked back then. 
Trump has continued this pattern ever since.

Harris hitting Trump for “stand back and stand by” comment on Proud Boys at last debate: 
“this is part of a pattern.”
Pence didn’t answer question on preexisting conditions
“Mr Vice President, I’m speaking,” 
Harris has said often tonight.
Pence did not answer question on Roe v Wade.
Both Trump and Pence disregarding the rules of the debates.

Pence echoing big energy talking points on the subject of climate change: 
“the climate is changing. 
We’ll follow the science.” 
That’s not answering the question.

Pence calls Obamacare a “disaster” though polls show it’s become popular, including the law’s protections for preexisting conditions.
Harris on Trump’s assault on Obamacare: 
“they’re coming for you.”

Trump also says during the video that he "got back a day ago from Walter Reed medical center.” 
Yet, COS Meadows says Trump recorded the video today.

In his WH produced video, Trump praises the experimental medication he's been on, saying of COVID: 
"I think this was a blessing from God that I caught it."  
Trump has access to medical care not available to most Americans.

Marine is stationed outside West Wing. 
Trump is in the Oval. 
He’s being briefed on stimulus talks and hurricane.

Update from WH doctor on Trump: 
“the president this morning says ‘I feel great!’” 

Our colleague @abdallahcnn got this video of the #whitehouseraccoons last night.

Must watch... my colleague @joejohnscnn versus White House raccoons. 
Thanks for keeping us safe Joe!

Statement from Stephen Miller: 
“Over the last 5 days I have been working remotely and self-isolating, testing negative every day through yesterday.  
Today, I tested positive for COVID-19 and am in quarantine."

Biden in Gettysburg: 
"Wearing a mask is not a political statement. It’s a scientific recommendation."

Pence team objects to plexiglass being installed for both VP and Sen. Harris at upcoming debate, we've confirmed.  
Pence officials don't have a problem if Harris would like plexiglass to protect her at debate.  
But Pence team believes it's not necessary for VP to have that too.

RIP Eddie Van Halen. Loved Van Halen growing up... sad news.

Unclear when he would do it. 
But a Trump address is under serious consideration, a senior campaign official confirmed. 
There are lingering health concerns given Trump’s apparent trouble breathing last night, the official and a separate source close to WH said.

Coronavirus in Chief, Trump takes off mask as he returns to WH.

Trump is likely instructing Conley what to disclose and not disclose, per our sources.

Dr. Conley repeatedly would not answer when Trump's last negative test was.

Declining to answer some questions from reporters at medical briefing, Dr. Conley sounding very optimistic once again on Trump's condition, saying "he's back."

Trump says he's leaving the hospital...

WH spox Judd Deere: 
“Dr. Sean Conley, Physician to the President, is expected to provide an update on the President’s condition in the 3 p.m. hour at Walter Reed."

Upper and Lower Press areas of West Wing for press and communications staffers are almost entirely empty as those employees are working remotely from home as a precaution. 
These areas are typically very busy with members of press and WH staffers interacting daily.

She was not wearing a mask during a gaggle with reporters yesterday.

The WH press secretary says she has tested positive for COVID.
