Is something funny? 

The abortion debate often has a sweeping narrative, but it really is about countless heart-wrenching and sometimes life-and-death decisions. 
Gary Peters, a Michigan senator in a tough re-election fight, decided to go public with his story.

Waiting in line for hours to vote should be considered less a story on voter enthusiasm and more a story on voter suppression. 
No one should have to wait hours to vote.

Small in stature. 
Big in heart. 
One of the greats. 
There’s a hole now at second base. 

Let’s just say this is Dr. Fauci seeming far less than happy.

Seeing Donald Trump attack New York, California, and Illinois this morning reminds me of a guy who can’t get a date to the prom even thous his dad will let him borrow the BMW.
Not sure how the stock market going up as investors bake in Trump’s poll numbers plummeting is a case that the president should be using for his re-election.

Thank you
This is one stat where the White House is winning big time @kenjeong - and they’re probably tired of all the winning.


Congratulations to LeBron James and the Lakers. 
A title different in many ways from anything we’ve seen. 
Also a shout out to the Heat for a hard fought series. 
No matter the circumstances, we saw the hearts of champions.

So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
We’re taking the quarantine very seriously in our household and sometimes focus on what we’re missing. 
But to spend a gorgeous twilight on a balcony with a glass of wine and conversation with loved ones is to humbly count my blessings.

No bot here. 😀 
Also it would be helpful if people use the #HumanNatureFilm hashtag. 😀 

To the leaders of the present and future: 
Your voices are urgent and powerful. 
The world needs to listen. 
I know you are speaking! 
#DayOfTheGirl

Doesn’t everybody wear t-shirts under their button-downs just in case? 
My favorite is the tuxedo t-shirt, so you’re always ready for black tie.

Can we at least recognize that “Court Packing” at all levels of the judiciary has been the Republican playbook for decades? 
Asking for Merrick Garland.

Maybe someone should tell the Taliban that it’s unclear how much impact endorsements have in a presidential race.

A few years back, I had the honor of interviewing Jennifer Doudna, who was just awarded A Nobel Prize! 
It was an eye-opening, wide-ranging conversation that led to our documentary HUMAN NATURE, now on @netflix. 
Our original discussion can be found here:

Flipping back and forth between two Texas teams. Despite any rivalries I pull hard for both.

Thank you for the kinds words and I am glad you found #WhatUnitesUs to be relevant and inspiring. 
My hope in writing the book was to encourage dialogue, action, and for others to add their voices and perspectives to our national story. #Steady

I shared this earlier. 
Hope it helps. 
Thank you for your interest. 

If you want any more evidence of how Donald Trump didn’t want to run against Joe Biden, check out all the effort he and his surrogates are putting into running against Hillary Clinton again in 2020.

A tip of the stetson to my friend @DBtodomundo and his team at @RTB_Cheerful on the launch of a new journalism  project. 
A reason for optimism during this uncertain time. 
#WeAreNotDivided 
#WhatUnitesUs

I hear the train a comin'
It's rollin' 'round the bend
And I ain't seen the sunshine
Since, I don't know when...

I'm thrilled so many of you want to read WHAT UNITES US. 
I know it's difficult getting copies of the paperback at the moment. 
We're working on it. 
A great option is @Bookshop_Org. 
Added bonus, your purchase helps support local bookstores. 
#WhatUnitesUs.

Thank you for your interest. 
I clicked on the picture and it looks like a seascape in the distance. 
Is #WhatUnitesUs now beach reading? 
Wonders will never cease.

I’ve covered Democratic and Republican presidents.
There were norms, even when they were pushed and stretched. 
What we are witnessing today is unlike anything we have seen before. 
And the press should frame it accordingly.

Can you name another job that Donald Trump would continue to hold after exhibiting this type of unhinged public behavior other than President of the United States with the support of craven and complicit Congressional Republicans?

We are navigating uncharted waters, in almost every way imaginable...

Donald Trump’s antics are so sad and unhinged that they might have even been disqualifying for a sstint as a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice.

The FBI heroically takes down a domestic terrorist cell seeking to kidnap the Michigan governor. 
Has the president said anything about it?
A potent point.

For those who may be interested, some of my extended thoughts on journalism in our current age. 


Fly. Bye.
If you came in favoring one candidate or the other, I doubt your vote was changed. 
And that’s likely trouble for the Trump campaign. As political theater, it was mildly interesting. 
But if you were looking for a breakout or something new, you’re likely disappointed.

It’s no surprise that the VP wants to duck the climate change crisis. 
So much gaslighting.
“Thank you VP Pence,” may not be the best approach for a moderator to cut off a man running amok with a blatant disregard for the debate rules.

I don’t think VP Pence’s mansplaining and over-talking is doing a lot to narrow the gender gap, unless it is also turning off more men as well.

Daniel Patrick Moynihan is rolling in his grave as VP Pence uses his quote in the service of lies.
The generations of the future will be gobsmacked that we are “debating” climate change. 
Many of us are gobsmacked.
And yes, I’m using gobsmacked, and I stand by that decision.

Pence regularly rolls over his time. Need to enforce rules.
Did Pence just say “stop playing politics with people’s lives?” 
Millions of Americans choke on whatever they’re eating. Irony has no place on a VP debate stage.

With all due respect, I prefer my fairy tales from Hans Christian Andersen more than VP Pence.
VP Pence having the political equivalence of arguing why the Washington Generals are winning.
Senator Harris not holding back right out of the gate - speaking right into the camera, right into the living rooms of America
Tonight, I expect civility in tone, but a chasm on substance the equivalent of the Grant Canyon.

If Donald Trump still had Michael Cohen working for him today, he would probably send him on a hush money mission to the pollsters at Rasmussen.

So a lot of White House staffers are worried the recklessness of the president will hurt them? 
Welcome to what millions of Americans have been feeling for years.

I hope we can get to a point where the gender of scientists doesn't lead the headlines. 
Yes, women do science. 
They also win Nobel Prizes!!!!! 
#WomenInSTEM
