As Avery Bradley celebrated the Lakers’ championship from his home in Texas, he got a FaceTime call. 
It was Rob Pelinka letting the guard know this is his ring too. 

Scenes from the Lakers’ title clinching night with @mcten

One more selfie. 
LeBron James walks into Dwight Howard’s press conference and laughs: 
“Where your clothes at?!” 

Howard rocking Larry O’Brien trophy shorts.

Spoelstra: 
“How about Goran even playing tonight. That's just crazy. 
He shouldn't have even been out there.” 

Then Spoelstra told a story about how after Game 1, Dragic texted at him 4:15 am: 
“Coach, don't give up on me. Give me a chance. 
I'll find my way back.”

Jimmy Butler: “We are going to be back.”

Heat coach Erik Spoelstra, wiping away tears before saying: 
“This has been such an unprecedented year. 
We didn’t get the Final result we wanted, but these are going to be lifetime memories that we have together. 
You’re in this business to be able to be around people like this.”

A Bubble Champion has been crowned as the Lakers defeat the Heat (4-2). 

The NBA accomplished what many were skeptical of: three months of professional basketball without an outbreak of COVID-19. 
Again: masks, physical distance, hand washing and regular testing works.

The Lakers 28-point lead tonight is the second largest halftime lead in NBA Finals history. 
he largest was the Celtics’ 30-point lead over the Lakers in 1985, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

The largest halftime deficit a team has overcome in the Finals is 21, according to @ESPNStatsInfo. 
And that was in 1948 when it was still the Basketball Association of America -- not the NBA.

Tonight, the Heat trail the Lakers by 28 at half.

In the arena, the fake crowd noise gets turned up as Dragic checks in. 
Dragic spent the majority of the first quarter on the exercise bike.

Goran Dragic is headed to the scorer's table to check into the game for the first time.
Goran Dragic warming up in layup lines for the first time since he injured himself in Game 1 of the Finals. 
When Dragic warmed up prior to game 4, the pain he experienced when he got down into a defensive stance was one determining factor in his inactive status. 

Dragic has said he is determined not to be a “liability” on the floor

Goran Dragic is listed as active for Game 6.

Goran Dragic is listed as doubtful, once again, for Game 6 of the Finals, according to this evening’s injury report.

The image of Jimmy Butler slumped over a black barricade has gone viral. 
As he was hunched over, confetti cannons were being prepped for a Lakers’ win. 
That turned out to be premature. 

@ESPN Story from last night on Butler’s will to win.

Erik Spoelstra: 
"Every young player coming into this league should study footage on Jimmy Butler." 
Butler finished with 35 points, 12 rebounds and 11 assists in 47 minutes.

The confetti dispensers are being rolled away. 
The Heat defeat the Lakers 111-108 and the Finals are headed to a Game 6.

Erik Spoelstra said Goran Dragic remains doubtful for Game 5. 
Spoelstra said the bulk of their practice time was used for film. 
Dragic was getting some treatment on his foot when practice opened to reporters.

After Amendment 4 was passed, a provision was added that said before ex-felons could be eligible to vote, ey needed to repay any fines or fees associated with their sentence. 
The Miami Heat and NBA donated $45K to the Florida Rights Restoration Coalition’s Fines & Fees Program.


Lots of virtual fans in “Let my people vote” shirts for Game 4. 
They are from the Florida Rights Restoration Coalition and have had their right to vote reestablished. 

When amendment 4 passed in Florida, roughly 1.4 million ex-felons became eligible to vote.

Bam Adebayo will start in Game 4, the Heat say.
Goran Dragic has been ruled out of Game 4, the Heat announce.

Goran Dragic is out on the court shooting. 
He did not warm up on the game court prior to Game 2 or Game 3. 

Bucks assistant coach Darvin Ham is set to interview for the Clippers head coaching job this week, sources told ESPN. Ham, who is also a finalist for the Pacers’ head coaching spot, will meet in person with the Indiana brass over the next few days.

I lied to you @PabloTorre. 
@Jim_ICE informed me today is our 100th day in the bubble. 
And Jim is never wrong. 

I joined #ESPNDaily to talk about Game 4 of the Finals and reflect on my time in the Bubble:

Bam Adebayo has been upgraded from doubtful to questionable for Game 4 on this evening’s injury report, the Heat say.

Earlier today, Adebayo said: 
“I’m trying to get back as quickly as possible, but they’re just trying to make sure 
I’m safe and 
I’m ready to play.”

Goran Dragic says there is "no timetable" for his return after tearing the plantar fascia in his left foot in Game 1. 
He said he feels better, but is still in pain. 
He said he "doesn't know" what the path would be to being cleared to return.

"Tomorrow I could play, tomorrow they may tell me no," Adebayo adds. 

Bam Adebayo, speaking to reporters for the first time since his G1 injury, says: 
"I am getting better. 
It is up to the medical staff. 
I am trying to get back as quickly as possible... 
It sucks sitting on the sidelines."
