Top general did not give his consent to be used in Trump political ad #SmartNews
As Trump Flouts Safety Protocols, News Outlets Balk at Close Coverage
RIP Joe Morgan.
Possibly the best second baseman to play the game. #BigRedMachine
Why don't you need a negative coronavirus test to leave isolation? - CNN
Wait, what?
Did I just hear somebody on the Senate Judiciary Committee claim that a question about Griswold v Connecticut is an attack on Judge Barrett's religion?
Griswold is about state restrictions on contraceptives; privacy.
White House message machine is flooding social media with the ABA well qualified rating for Judge Barrett
Ugly injury
Cowboys run #PhillySpecial on #NYG and @Dak catches a touchdown pass.
Rafa Nadal at @rolandgarros once again “ King of Clay”
If Mnuchin increases the stimulus offer the question will be whether congressional republicans balk. 
Omg
Michigan sheriff spotted at rally with men charged in domestic terror plot to kidnap, kill governor
That’s 4 sure
Thank u for that
By his actions right now POTUS really does seem hellbent on torpedoing his re-election. Is it corona ?
The CNN live shot from #Delta landfall is mind boggling. 
Looks like video from a sand storm on the moon.
My son told me he calls this Indigenous Peoples’ Day.
And I’m not disputing that.
And I’m from Columbus, Ohio. Subject: Proclamation on Columbus Day, 2020
Beasley is a good decent person. He chooses principle over partisanship.
via @NYTimes Let em eat Covid
Can we please stop the violence already ? 
Julia’s show is a sensation
Unfortunately i was looking forward to this: South Carolina Senate debate scrapped after Harrison calls for Graham to get COVID-19 test | TheHill
Commission cancels second debate between Trump and Biden
Looking bad for Trump Holy Grail #1 Vaccine before Election Day and Grail#2 isn’t looking much better, see below  https://t.co/g2viobRyr2
https://t.co/rFzALSQgxY OK that’s must see TV.
Anderson interviewing George Clinton.

Without comment 
First mass gathering at the White House since it first became a COVID hot zone : 
Trump is expected to host an event at the White House tomorrow

Fatal shark attacks up in Australia 

Hang in there now! 
So sorry. 
Keep your phone charged!

Gov. Whitmer on "militias" 


Trump continues trashing the debate commission and moderators. 
Challenges Biden to a debate with a “fair” anchor like Hannity. 
Repeats that he’s not interested an a virtual debate

Trump on FN call-in says he wants to do a rally in Florida on Saturday night.. less than a week after he entered the hospital for Covid.

Did I just see  the “Daisy/mushroom cloud commercial of the 2020 campaign? 
Blurred picture of a patient in a ospital room with no one to hold your hand.  by Lincoln Project. 
It’s chilling

As a once college shot putter and almost college football player who witnessed “first hand” the power of performance enhancing drugs on people in that orbit  I can say steroids create aggression and rage in men who take them. 
I never did it bc I had no delusions of “going pro”

The plot to kidnap Gov. 
Whitmer is the latest exhibit in a growing body of evidence supporting law enforcement's alarming assessments of homegrown (domestic) terror.

Pelosi: 
Says she wont agree to piecemeal stimulus legislation  "Aint gonna be no stand alone"  bill if there's not a bigger bill

Virtual debate is a joke Trump says. 
Once again invokes the name of Winston Churchill. 
Trump says "I don't believe the polls". 
Last time "in nine states I was down, I won every one of them.

Monster? Trump says the Pence faced a monster in last night's debate.

Trump calls antibody cocktail drugs "cures" . 
There is no known cure for Covid-19.
Jobless claims weekly report: 
840k, slightly higher than expected, raising more questions about whether hiring is cooling down. 
#BLS

Fascinating


Trump calls Kamala Harris "a communist" she's not a socialist.

Trump campaign manager says in a statement that instead of the second Presidential debate they will do a "rally instead"

After shutting down the coronavirus economic stimulus negotiations with congressional democrats, Trump says there are now "very productive talks" going on re a new stimulus package, that they are "talking about" aid for airlines, direct aid checks to taxpayers...and other things.
Trump:
" I don't think I'm contagious"

On how he caught it : 
It was a day of celebration with Notre Dame ( apparently referring to the SCOTUS nominee announcement event in the Rose Garden)

"I think I would have done fine without drugs."

Trump says I'm not doing a virtual debate' in an interview with FBN

The debate commission said the candidates in the second debate would participate from separate remote locations in an effort to protect the health and safety of all involved

Commission on Presidential Debates announces the next Presidential debate will be virtual -per CNN's Kevin Bohn

Ummm... 


So far I think. 
Miss you!
Let the fact checks begin: Kamala Harris and Mike Pence debate



How are u?

VP pivots to Court packing speech and doesn’t answer question when asked  how Trump will protect coverage for people with preexisting conditions while in court trying to end the Affordable Care Act.
Then Pence says Harris refused to answer his court packing question. 
#jujitsu

Harris Jamarican comes out speaking directly to camera with her health care attack on Trump and Pence: 
“they’re coming for you “ - reminiscent of the Bob Marley/ Bad Boy lyrics: 
whatcha gonna do when they come for you?

lexiglass Debate: Pence has a new Covid mantra . 
Instead of we flattened the curve, we took a whole of government approach- now it’s we trust the American people. 
Sen. Harris : 
trust the American people by telling them the truth.



Did u draw that Ames?
Ohhhh forgot about the cocktail. Thank u for that .. 

The President’s physician says he has been symptom free for 24 hours, fever free for four days, and that he is showing detectable levels of Covid antibodies. He says Trump told him he feels “great!”

I heard one of the raccoons (pretty sure there are more than one)  slipped into a WH guard shack last night .. they're totally  unafraid of people at this stage.

So it’s the 2d time in two weeks a raccoon has shown up shortly after the  @NewDay open. 
I think they’re attracted to the lights. 
No animals were harmed. 
I threw something to scare it off. 
#CrazyOuttakes


Warning signs are blinking red 


Having just ended the stimulus talks, Trump proposed more stimulus.


Stephen Miller positive test is sad and unfortunate. 
No one should gloat about something like this. 
This virus doesn’t discriminate or choose its victims. It’s the enemy of everyone on earth.

Note the “Democrat failed high crimes cities and states” reference here.  
30 days out from the election and Mr. Trump is not even pretending that he’s trying to appeal to ALL of America.

EBOF raises a serious question: 
Was Trump Covid positive on the night of the debate with Biden?

Brian Morgenstern  of WH Comms says there IS contact tracing going out of WH medical office — but what about the SCOTUS nomination event? 
NYTIMES reported no contact tracing of the Rose Garden super spreader event .  - 
Its  almost unknowable he says. 
So don’t try? 
Seriously?

Peer pressure: https://t.co/YhM0VRrHzz

Trump’s decision to pull the plug on stimulus talks is a tacit admission that another $$ package would splinter senate republicans in the closing days of the 2020 election.

Wolf Blitzer ON CNN:  a 4th White House press aide has tested positive for coronavirus.

Peter Navarro who calls Biden rambling in this tweet has been known to give 20 minute stream of consciousness extemporaneous speeches to the White House gaggle pool camera on the North Lawn.

Why would this even be a debate? 

Your boss the President had Covid and u work with him. 
Pence, Harris teams at odds over plexiglass at debate - The Washington Post






In a memo the President’s physician, Dr. Sean Conley says Trump has no symptoms and is doing “ extremely well”.
Alyssa Farah, White House COMMS, says of Trump; you will hear from him in some form today. 
Asked if anymore people at WH have tested positive for the virus: not to my knowledge.


that’s not the right dress code either
Trump, on steroids, feeling 20 years younger says he’s headed to White House tonight. 
So about those ‘roids Mr. President — did they tell u what happens?

really can’t do an interview other Manu Raju? 
What’s up with that? 
If u can’t handle @CNN what are u gonna do with McConnell?

What I WANT TO KNOW MOST is how many housekeepers and butlers maids and maintenance workers at the WHITE HOUSE  have gotten COVID. 
Bc it’s the poor people who always get screwed in situations like this . 
DM me
Sorry HIPAA. 
I always screw up that acronym
The President’s doc makes clear that Trump is invoking his privacy rights (HPPA) in certain information. 
Now the President should ask his Supreme Court nominee what she thinks of constitutional right of privacy . 
Many originalists don’t see a privacy right in the constitution.

Trump rejuvenated by Covid ? 

White House now has as many or more new coronavirus cases since Friday than than the total number reported in several small countries according to the CNN Global Covid tracker.

Lol it slipped up behind me and grabbed my pants leg right when I was about to go on the air. 
I’m like #WaitWhat
Tests positive
