ooo good point

When I see someone being interviewed after standing in line to vote for six hours I'm really proud of that person! 
I'm also furious that they had to do that. 
It shouldn't take superhuman patience and physical endurance to vote, this isn't an Ironman triathlon. 
It's ridiculous.

These are people who want to vote. Who get up at 6 in the morning to vote. 
Who rearrange their entire day so that they are able to vote. 
And these long lines, that we see even now with early voting, prevent people from doing so. 
It shouldn't be this hard, but it is for a reason.

We, understandably, praise those who stand in line for hours to vote, but all I think of when I see these long lines are the people who needed to get out of line to pick up their kids, get to work on time, attend their doctor's appointment. 
It's an enormous institutional failure.

wow you gotta fight if someone does this to you 

Honestly that second part might be the most impressive thing of all

t’s incredible that LeBron was the most hyped high school basketball player of all time and has gone on to have a career that has *far exceeded* every expectation.

LeBron James is 35. Unbelievable.
BARELY
DANNY COULD HAVE BEEN A LEGEND
Yikes
became a superstar for real
So much respect for Jimmy Butler man
I was lucky enough to read this manuscript and y’all it is so good please press the pre-order button ASAP.

Come join me @kaysarahsera @mojgani and @NifMuhammad for our 5th annual poetry gig together on October 27th. 
All donations from the event go to these three organizations doing really important work across the country. 
Register at the link below. It should be a lot of fun.

thanks, Sarah!
Thanks for your important work on this
Please watch this.
Nothing else is relevant if we don’t solve climate change.
Shout out to that fly. 
The hero we all needed.
This is like when my toddler has spilled spaghetti sauce all over the floor and when I ask what happened he looks around and says “what spaghetti sauce? this is a beautiful painting!”

GO JONNY GO
this is fantastic, kyle. thanks so much for writing it
Still can't believe LeBron and Anthony Davis are on the same team.

Millions of people have lost their jobs. 
Millions of people have lost their insurance. Millions of people are trying to do the best they can to keep people their families and communities safe, secure, and stable amid a series of devastating and cascading crises. 
It's all so much.

Sometimes the reality of these things can get lost in the context of electoral politics, especially this close to an election but folks across this country are really really struggling. 
Being forced to make impossible choices about how to conserve whatever money they have left.

It can't be said enough: so many ppl don't have enough money to pay rent, to pay for food, to pay for medicine, to pay for clothes for their kids, to pay the bills for their family. 
The list goes on. 
The failure to provide money for people when they are most in need is abhorrent.

deleted the last post because it's not worth giving attention to
Such a great list

amazing! and so well deserved for everything you've given us
congrats, tressie!
 well played
every time I tweet about french fries they are all I see for days
Ozil lol
VIERA 2.0 BABYYY
I’m very excited about it
unlikely but same

*sobs with indescribable joy* 
