Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, we will advance the vitally important story of the Democrats attempting to blow up the Supreme Court.
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

So far the Judge Barrett hearings are incredibly boring.  
Everyone will lose health care and die if the Judge is confirmed to the Supreme Court. 
Only http://BillOReilly.com can make this interesting. 
Hope you check us out.

Want autumn? 
Here it is. 
Bar Harbor, Maine! 

Tremendous amount of propaganda surrounding the presidential race. 
Get honest, incisive reporting on http://BillOReilly.com including my new column on Kamala Harris. 
Also, 'Killing Crazy Horse' has a 92% approval rating on Amazon. 
Listen to the folks!

Speaker Pelosi embarrasses the country with this 25th amendment / removal stuff. 
Will someone please take her back to the hair salon? 
Best news analysis on http://BillOReilly.com.

Killing Crazy Horse hit top ten on Amazon last night.  
Great read for the Columbus Day weekend.  
New column on Kamala Harris coming later today.

Mike Pence won the debate. Tonight on the @NoSpinNews we’ll tell you why.
 
Watch free starting at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Vice President Pence won the debate on the Supreme Court, protests, and foreign policy. Best coverage on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C!

Ms. Page sets up Harris with a cheap shot question about what if Trump doesn’t leave office if he loses. 
Ridiculous, speculative, nonsensical.

Senator Harris just said that Biden-Harris would eliminate cash bail. 
A very radical left position.
Pence wins the debate—Harris looks foolish and deceptive on the Supreme Court. 
That will be the viral moment of this debate.
Harris playing the race card on the Supreme Court question. 
This is a very bad sequence for Senator Harris.
Terrible answer by Harris on the Supreme Court. Pence once again asks the question—third time.
Harris dodging the direct question from Pence about stacking the court. 
This is not a good moment for Ms. Harris.

Harris on rant about the Affordable Care Act. 
The moderator Susan Page hasn’t asked about stacking the Supreme Court which is the most important question. 
The moderator is letting all Americans down.

Pence ignoring Susan Page’s question on abortion going back to the killing of Soleimani. 
The Iranian General. 
A gutsy move.
Finally, a relevant question about the Supreme Court. 
Let’s see how this goes.

Another strange question from the moderator Susan Page asking to define America’s leadership role in the World. 
Why are we wasting time on this theoretical stuff?

The moderator is asking now about China. 
I want to know about civil unrest. 
I would like to know about rising crime. 
I would like to know about packing the Supreme Court. 
I would like to know about things that impact me. 
China—a waste of time at this point.

Pence dodges the question about climate change being an existential threat and goes back to Biden’s going to raise taxes
Senator Harris is saying that Barack Obama is responsible for the good economy during the Trump years. 
Tough sell.

Harris looks arrogant and foolish with a phony smile and head shake. 
Pence is killing her on the economic stats. 
This is Pence’s strongest moment.

At this point the debate is a draw. 
Vice President Pence is being too nice. 
Senator Harris is articulate but comes across as arrogant and the facial expressions are hurting her.

Harris takes a question on health transparency and turns it into tax transparency. 
his is the problem with the debates. 
Both candidates take the questions and turn it into what they want. 
What good is that.

Pence is congratulating Harris on the historic nature of her nomination. 
This is the warm fuzzy in Vice President. 
In contrast to his boss.
Pence has a strong line asking Senator Harris to stop playing politics with people’s lives.
Susan Page is asking hypothetical questions about age—it is a foolish waste of time.
Pence is dodging that question right now.

Good question by Susan Page—asking how do you expect people to follow Covid restriction guidelines when the Rose Garden reception at the White House did not.

Pence takes a shot at Biden for plagiarism by saying the Biden plan is the exact same as the Trump plan on the virus.

Senator Harris repeating the fiction that President Trump called the virus a hoax. 
That is not true. 
He called the coverage of the virus a hoax. 
Also, Ms. Harris is accusing the Trump administration of a cover up. 
It will be interesting to see how Pence responds to that.

Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, I’ll preview the VP debate with @greta. 
Also, I’ll be tweeting during the debate.  
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

I didn't mind that Kamala Harris opposed Brett Kavanaugh's SCOTUS nomination - but what she did to him and his family was unconscionable and un-American.

She denied him due process - as a former District Attorney and Attorney General, she knows better.
 So I have no use for her.

Mike Pence needs to take a hammer to Senator Harris tonight if he wants to reignite some momentum behind the Trump-Pence ticket - because it is foundering. 
Word of the day.

My first FNC broadcast. 

24 years ago today, the Fox News Channel first started broadcasting. 
I was there, just a teenager at the time. 
Tonight: @greta on the @NoSpinNews.

The VP debate is tonight. The election is less than four weeks away. 

The stakes have never been higher. 

No matter the result… 

You should NEVER bet against America.

Not hard to do.

Vice President Pence is very loyal to the President. 
Will he go after Senator Harris for being a “due process denier” tonight? Hope so. 
He probably won’t.

President Trump is running behind Joe Biden - but there is time for him to come back.
 
I give the specifics on tonight’s @NoSpinNews – watch free starting at 8:00pm on http://TheFirstTV.com or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Mr. Trump may be the Covid kid today, but there will never be a vaccine for what Biden/Harris will bring. 


Corgis can’t get Covid but presidents can. 
Best coverage on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C. 
Important place in these crazy days!

Tonight on the @NoSpinNews we’ll deal with the consequences of Mr. Trump contracting Covid in a disciplined, fair way. 
The truth is always worth seeking.

Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free & on-demand at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
