One day before the election we’re reminded that Joe Biden, like Barack Obama before him, is closing out a presidential campaign with the promise to fix the national catastrophe presided over by the Republican currently in office.
Woke from at 3 am from a dream that I found bags full of undelivered absentee ballots and was trying to get them to the right place.
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say I’m a small bit anxious.
I am too. But I’m not shocked that I need to worry about her.
She’s black and female and may be a heartbeat away from the presidency.
But an old centrist white dude? Unsafe from angry white people?
Didn’t see that coming.
Impolitic to say this but we spent 8 years quietly fearful for Obama’s life simply because he was a black man in the White House. 
2020 has delivered a ton of twists but never did I imagine I would legit fear for Joe Biden’s safety too. Especially if he wins.
Was more thinking of immigrant populations in the county who haven’t sworn allegiance to either party or like things about both.
Stoddard, that is.
The GOP’s attempt to toss 127,000 votes from Harris County, TX is not at all unrelated to the fact that it’s one of the two most ethnically diverse counties in the United States.
The other, not at all coincidentally, is Queens.  Where 45 is from.
Hahahahaha.
This is *exactly* what I thought of as well.
The attempt to throw out 127,000 votes out of Harris County, TX is, like everything else we’ve seen from the GOP since 2016, not only corrupt but short-sighted.
Who is ever voting GOP there after the party tosses their lawfully cast ballots?
Blocked literally just for posting an excerpt of his work with no comment.
That speaks for itself.
Wow
Debating whether this is extraordinarily dumb or typically dishonest: you well know that one of the biggest criticisms the Sanders campaign encountered was the fact that the candidate *was not* a Democrat
There should be a single number you can text the words VOTED ALREADY and have it sent to all 328 organizations sending you reminders.
The polite version of a truth I heard all through my growing-up years: you got to bring some to get some. 
What that means is that the attempts to intimidate voters assumes these people scare easy.
They don’t.
These people would’ve protested during WWII because rationing butter violates their rights.
Strange how many of the people who completely lost it over closures and mask mandates have not a word to say about civil forfeiture.
This.
White House focus group was like “I’m told the Coloreds are really fond of platinum so we should totally call it that.”
exactly.
The entertainers backing the so-called “Platinum Plan” fall into the sweet spot of low information/high profile — people who don’t know that the plan is this year’s immigrant caravan: a fiction created to mislead voters and which you’ll never hear of again after the election.
Today is hug-your-editor day.
Damn.
Yes? 🤣
Workout playlist. Yep.
Also in the middle of a respiratory pandemic you might not want to roll out an endorsement from a dude named Weezy.
Throwback to 2016 that might explain that Weezy/Cube/Kanye Trump collabo.
It’s called “Donald Trump is a Rapper.”
That fave hip hop playlist getting shorter by the minute.
I hate to self-quote but [then proceeds to self-quote] I saw this coming in 2016! 
Donald Trump is obsessed with wealth, treats women like accessories and owned a fashion line.
Rappers swooning over him is the *least* surprising part of 2020. 
First the Fat Boys break up, now this... 
I had the exact same reaction.
Important words. Please retweet this message. 
On the other hand it makes sense: the Constitution gives an explicit right to bear arms and no explicit right to vote.
Historians are wondering that sh*t right now.
Wonderful place. I lost a few afternoons wandering in here.
Friend of mine bought a gun today.
Like many people he’s concerned about the climate surrounding the election.
He made his selection, bought the piece and left.
Then realized it takes *hours* less time to buy a gun in Georgia than it does to vote there.
Today is the start of my 4-week course with @torchlabs on creating positive change around race in the workplace.
In today’s political climate, this can’t come soon enough. Looking forward to seeing you all there.
Register here:
I’m teaching a LIVE virtual course on “Reckoning with Race: How Leaders can Navigate Difficult Conversations at Work” starting October 28.
Hear my takeaways on handling disagreements productively.
Register at http://bit.ly/3lJJpPq
#torch #race
Also, it’s possible, depending on where you live, that your ballot has already been counted and the system simply hasn’t updates to reflect that fact.
No.
We did a documentary about this.
Check to see if late ballots in your state will be counted if they’re postmarked before the election.
But don’t vote in person because you could be accused of voter fraud if both are counted.
I used a site specific to NYC voters: https://t.co/K8fysfcsQ2
That feeling that is typically reserved for that notification that a check just deposited in my account.