2 days. Vote for Truth. Vote for Science. Vote for Humanity. Vote for Decency.
Vote for Inclusion. Vote for Democracy. Vote for Life.
VOTE!!!
3 days. With early voting winding down and Trump working overtime to steal your vote, time to focus like a laser on Nov.3!
Stay safe, wear masks, and swarm the polls!! 
Overwhelm! Vote in droves!
End the madness of this Lying Killer for good!
As his closing strategy, the President of the United States has chosen to reject science and consciously murder Americans.
That anyone can support someone who is consciously killing people makes your head explode.
In less than 4 days, we can and will make this insanity stop.
Vote for Decency. Vote for Humanity. Vote to restore the soul of our Nation.
The last 4 years have felt like a prison sentence.
In 4 days we will be released and if justice prevails, our jailer will start serving his sentence.
All he has left are Suppression, Intimidation, Lies and Cheating.
He will do it all. But he will lose. And Democracy will be saved.
5 days. IF YOU STILL HAVE YOUR MAIL-IN BALLOT, DON’T MAIL IT NOW. TAKE IT TO AN OFFICIAL DROP BOX OR TAKE IT DIRECTLY TO THE POLLS. 5 days.
Trump wants US to believe he’s succeeded in crushing the virus. He also wants us to believe he’s not a Racist, a Criminal, a misogynist, a Sociopath and a Pathological Liar.
Good luck with that. 6 days to end the Insanty.
My Lakers won the NBA title.
My Dodgers won the World Series.
Now a Biden landslide will begin to salvage 2020.
Chip in today at
We win Pennsylvania, Joe Biden is our next President.
It’s that simple.
Trump’s closing strategy: Blanket the country with super spreader rallies and kill as many Americans as possible.
Immediately after being sworn in, our latest Supreme Court Justice attends a campaign event for a disgraceful desperate Sociopath.
The Corruption is shameless.
Can’t wait until we have a President who cares whether or not we die.
In 8 days we’ll have a President who isn’t afraid to answer Leslie Stahl’s questions.