Here's a picture of #WhatUnitesUs on the @eagleeyebooks store shelves!
Ok Twitterverse. 
It’s Day 1 of our #WhatUnitesUs indie bookstore challenge. (See below). 
First up: @EagleEyeBooks in Decatur, GA. 
They’ve got 24 copies of the WHAT UNITES US paperback. 
How quickly can we make those disappear? 
Buy your copy now here: https://eagleeyebooks.com/searchbysubject/index?subject=what%20unites%20us
So let me get this right. 
The closing argument from the Trump campaign is Joe Biden is a Mr. Rogers who will listen to the scientists on COVID?
Harrowing. 
Rebuilding and revitalizing our democracy has to include ideas for buttressing real news at the local level. 
Robust local journalism and not propaganda must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.
Congratulations to the Dodgers edging out the talented Braves in a heckuva Game 7. 
Since I had no rooting interest I could sit in awe at the beauty of this beautiful game.
I love baseball. 
Somehow watching a Game 7 allows for a deep breath and a belief things will work out.
#WhatUnitesUs 
Perhaps “doom scrolling” was more satisfying when the scrolls were made of parchment. 
At least you ran out of something to scroll.
I suspect if Washington DC was a Republican stronghold Mitch McConnell would long ago have made it a state with pious history lessons about “taxation without representation. “
Thank you for sharing this passage. 
It is how we hoped to frame the book. 
How odd to reflect that the rhythm of frequent air travel seems to now exist in a parallel universe.
I want to live in a country where decency, honesty, competency, and empathy trump partisanship.
It’s tempting to use the analogy of rats fleeing a sinking ship to describe the growing number of Republican elected officials starting to speak out against Donald Trump. 
But that's really not fair to rats, who tend not to be complicit in driving ships to the bottom of the sea.
I will leave it to others to answer. 
My hope is it steadies one for  challenges present and future.
I'm excited many of you are discovering my book #WhatUnitesUs. 
I'm going to try something next week. 
Each day, I'll highlight a different independent bookstore. The goal will be to support these important businesses by selling the few dozen copies they will have in stock.
How do I owe to thee? 
Let me count the ways. 
Apparently Donald Trump saw the ratings for the competing town halls and he’s now paging Sean Spicer to set the record straight.
Well, it turns out that Donald Trump was on more NETWORKS, but Biden still had more VIEWERS. 
I know how the president is too busy running the country and protecting us from COVID to worry about ratings, so he might have missed the news.
I want to highlight a new film by my former colleague and long-time friend @andrewglazer. 
BAD HOMBRES is a story of commonality and the power of sports to unite us.
Nice! 
Voting and books are both big parts of #WhatUnitesUs. 
A remarkable moment from the past where decency and hope won out on Capitol Hill. 
Courtesy of Mr. Rogers. Definitely worth watching.
California to Donald Trump: don’t let the Golden Gate hit you on the way out.
I’m confused. 
Has Donald Trump been vowing to make suburban neighborhoods safe from Mr. Rogers?
Are you watching? 
If so, whom? 
And what do you think?
This shade is as warranted as an umbrella on a hot summer day at the beach. 
And @ConanOBrien, I'm here for it. 
Some of you have asked if there is a graphic novel version of #WhatUnitesUs coming out. 
Indeed there is, this February. 
I must confess, it's a first for me. 
You can find a sneak peak of what it looks like here.
Here's an option to support local booksellers: https://t.co/Ic87cuMTvV
I agree with all who advocate supporting local bookstores. They are a big part of #WhatUnitesUs. 
If you can't shop directly, a great way to support independent booksellers is through @Bookshop_Org (link here)
I've heard from many of you that my book WHAT UNITES US was out on backorder on Amazon. 
For those of you who buy your books there, it seems to be back in stock. 
Thank you for your interest and support. 
#WhatUnitesUs
It’s like one of those games of “one of these things is not like the others.” 
But thank you for a morning chuckle. 
Hope you enjoy the book.
In a race to be President of the United States only one candidate sees a nation of states; united. Amazing.
Majestic to behold.
If you want to be an “originalist” in law, maybe you should go all the way. 
Cooking on a hearth. 
Leeches for medicine. 
An old mule for transportation. 
Or maybe you can recognize that the world changes.
Please pause, watch, and share this video. 
Look into their eyes, once full of life, and let’s reflect on what we have lost and continue to lose. 
Heart wrenching as it may be. 
This is our reality and they deserve our notice and remembrance.
Whole lotta votin’ goin’ on.
There is no bottom to how low he will go. 
But the projector is clearly in whatever serves as the basement. 
Oh, and way to alienate a dedicated voting block.
After seeing video of Donald Trump dancing, I wonder what’s going through his mind. 
Is he thinking Dancing with the Stars, or is he worried about Dancing Behind Bars?
At tonight’s rally in Pennsylvania: 
"Suburban women, will you please like me?" 
Donald Trump pleaded with the crowd. 
"I saved your damn neighborhood." 
Not exactly Mr. Rogers.
