Do you need to talk?
crickets
me too.
Hey, @IngramElizabeth  and I support @atl_familymeal and our local hospitality workers. 
Tonight, you can too by dropping by http://feedthefamatl.org  at 7pm for a virtual food & music festival sponsored by  @SanPellegrino. 
#feedthefam

Well, thanks for watching anyway. 
I appreciate it.
Sorry about that.
Trying to reach out and you know...care.
That's my answer as well.
I did. I was out in two hours!
The only soft drink I ever really loved.
By the way, the reason auto deaths are going up is because people have decided to act on the roads as they do on social media.
I'll debate MYSELF!
I live in Atlanta.
That is a very interesting choice! 
I must try that right away because my toddies have been lacking bandaid.
I'm seriously thinking of hosting my own town hall...
#everyonesdoingit
I can't wait to catch a cold so I can drink scotch toddies for breakfast without everyone getting all judgey.
Mara, I don’t think there’s a cure for “tiny balls.”
I had mine out all summer.
Also #hangontoyourhat a folded slice of pizza is a quesadilla.
"Open-faced sandwich" is an oxymoron.
naturally I meant barroom,  bar-room, or bar room but I like ball room brawl so much better!
No. I said it's reasonable to me. 
I said nothing of Georgia.
Monkeyshines are my favorite but no...nor any of the above.
I think it already has.
They're a separate network really and they don't tell me a darned thing...so I'm afraid I can't help you. Sorry.
LOVE
no...I stole
Well if I'm not the patron saint of mediocrity I don't know who is.
We have tried and for a while we did but it turned out the shipping to CA cost more than the items. 
And we had to fill out paperwork on every single shipment. 
There doesn't seem to be a way around it for a tiny company like mine.
That's the one. 
I got there at 6:45 and was out by 8:45.
On my last tour, Canada wouldn't allow my trusted bus driver into the country because he got arrested for a ball room brawl there 20 years ago. Reasonable?
Jeremy, I bet you've had, and been willing, to wait longer for one of those toys you collect. Hmmm?
DONT YOU JUDGE ME
No
Why not? Please explain. 
I've seen people wait in line much longer for sneakers.
That would have required removal of masks so I brought tequila shots and small straws instead.
Why is it not reasonable? 
When a lot of people show up for something they form this thing called a "line" (or a que in England) and then they wait. 
This often happens when something of value is desired.
Nope. Mask.
As I said to another tweeter, I've waited longer for a doughnut. 
I waited longer for an iPhone 5. 
When I was a kid I waited 17 hours for Led Zeppelin tickets.
I'm not sorry at all.
Yes. It is. 
I've waited longer for a doughnut.
Waited in line a  reasonable 2 hours to vote  in Marietta, Ga. this morning.  
New print/scan ballot system worked just fine and the poll workers were courteous and knowledgeable. 
No shenanigans inside or out.
Showed up to vote at 6:45 and already 100 folks in line.
I shall report this to my geeks.
If you missed #QuarantineQuitchen last night, you missed...even more kale... 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: https://youtu.be/VQO1wSbpw5U

Perfect
If you saw #TheHouseThatDrippedChocolate you may have noticed this homage to #HauntingofHillHouse 
What can i say...i steal.
Don't argue with me.
Religion Speech Press Assembly Petition 6th Grade
Thank you.
The fact that you left out The Changeling throws a shroud over your entire list.
don't do that yet
Thank you.
We shall look into this immediately.
Happy to announce that the newly renovated, refurbished, and rehabilitated https://t.co/CkyQ4GSYh2 is on line. 
So, drop by and poke around.
Glad you like it!
We’re working on it
Close but not identical. 
Good eye.
You’re gonna blow the transaxle.
Want to be sure? 
Take off and nuke the whole site from orbit.
eastern...sorry.
May I ask what platform you were on and what device?
Quarantine Quitchen is live tonight at 8pm on my YouTube channel. 
There will be drinking and cussing and probably dancing so if that stuff offends you...well then...bite me.
Now shut up, get off your knees and send me more Jäger!
Thanks for alerting us. 
The site has only soft launched...we're working on it.
We have no idea what we’ll cook on #quarantinequitchen tonight but @IngramElizabeth and i will be drinking “Aviations,” and yes to the  creme de violette.
It’s so adorable how you thought I didn’t know that.
These folks are probably the most ingenious storytellers in America so you might check this out.
How many of you out there would appreciate a book written for really smart people who really don't know a damn thing about cooking but wish they did?
There is no such thing as air frying...
