
Ok that’s funny: 
SNL described the choice between last week’s campaign town halls: 
“Flipping back and forth, trying to decide between a Hallmark movie and an alien autopsy.”
Trump jokes about exile.
Washington, DC's Leading Local News: Weather, Traffic, Sports and more | Washington, DC |
#SmartNews
Listen CAREFULLY to this. 
Thanks Ryan 
That’s getting REALLY close to the line. 
The 1950’s line
Shocker
Trump pressed on profiling and preparing police to deal with people of color: 
Trump: 
I have done more for African American community than Lincoln. 
No follow up like: “ does that include flirting with white nationalists and praising the good people who marched in Charlottesville.
Biden asked how he’ll resist the urge to exact revenge if elected: 
in politics he says grudges don’t work.  
These are two very different town halls going on tonight
Biden getting pressed on court packing. 
He’s refusing to get pinned down. 
He says he’ll come out with a clear position later.
Trump says $400 million of debt is under leveraged considering his net worth.  
But what’s his net worth.?
AND he’s under audit, by an IRS that treats him very badly  he says so he can’t release his taxes. 
About the same thing he said 4 Years ago
I heard there’s a cure
And the 4th year?
In addition to harsh criticism of MI governor Gretchen Whitmer, Trump also leveled insult at another woman who gets under his skin, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi with whom his Treasury Sec is still trying to get a stimulus deal. 
Pelosi's got " a lot of mental problems", Trump said.
In another telephone interview, Trump once again goes after Michigan's governor even after law enforcement uncovered a plot to kidnap her. 
"She wants to be a dictator in Michigan,  the people cant stand her.." 
Trump said on FBN
Trump’s latest October surprise is starting to look like a fail. 
Just sayin...
I’m thinking 2003 Fiesta Bowl/BCS whatever they had on that day

And the tradition continues
Trish Scalia, wife of Labor Secretary Eugene Scalia has tested positive for Coronavirus. 
The Secretary tested negative .
Speaker Pelosi highlights SCOTUS in neon even though the House doesn’t have a vote in the confirmation hearings for Judge Barrett,
Agreed. You get the ballot at home you can study what you’re voting for .
So I voted early this week. 
Got the ballot in the mail. 
Filled it out (great to be able to look up the obscure candidates and referendum issues and really research before deciding yes or no). 
Drove the ballot to the state drop box and it’s done. 
Don’t delay on this people.
Carlson giving a confusing soliloquy about how mask wearing doesn’t equal 100% protection against corona (consensus changes, science changes)while at the same time Anderson Cooper is on air promoting the virtues of wearing a mask. 
Somehow more protection seems better than less.
“Antibodies , I felt like Superman “. 
Trump bragging about the world class medical care he got on Covid at Walter Reed. 
One thing about being President ...( you get great medical care). 
200k Americans have died due to Covid. 
NONE of those 200k were POTUS
Is Roe v Wade a super precedent ?  
BARRETT: No bc calls for its overruling have never ceased so that doesn’t place it in the category of Brown V Board or Marbury v Madison
Doesnt matter for the Judiciary Committee outcome but if any Senator scratched the armor of Judge Barrett so far it may have been Dick Durbin who asked her to explain how the right of convicted felons owning guns is more sacrosanct than convicted felons having the right to vote.
Klobuchar asks Barrett about the Senate considering a SCOTUS nominee at a time when millions of people have already voted in a presidential election. 
BARRETT: Senator Klobuchar I think that’s a question for the political branches.
Barrett says the George Floyd video was very difficult for her and her family...
That kind of brutality has been a difficult one for us as it has for people all over the country.
Barrett says “I am not hostile to the ACA...I apply the law I follow the law you make the policy.”
that cracks me up
GOP governors in spiking states strain for silver linings https://t.co/VPoWW9vj5z via @SFGate
