
Of course i do!!
Amazing to hear an oil exec talk about how his company wants to be cleaner.. and it is true!!! 
 $COP. 
I have long been a big fan of Concho...
Lisa rules the roost and says no to going, Jay 
own Apple don't trade it
i know Coach said there are no moral victories but that @eagles comeback was sensational
Yes i want the twelve!!! 
We are an exporter... in big areas of the country.. but there's not a lot of demand.. 
China's coming back on line.. 
you may have to wait and see
Mike Wirth is the best.. Chevron .. yields 7% i like it but i don't like the group...
i have been saying this 50% ago. 
Don't remember this, says the Chill man. 
Interesting name Guinness the K-9, is that like Bud the Dog? 
Very smart!!
look i totally get this stuff. 
i see that NIO is looking up on the push this a.m. but as soon as i say something good i will be told that i am late. and if it goes down then i when hear thanks for nothing. 
so there's no point anymore here.
The Market's Week That Was, Upcoming Elections, the Economy, Stimulus: @Sarge986 with your Market Recon  
We've gotten some great entrants to our https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN competition. 
If you check the site you can see the progress we have made. 
we have to create a mask we like more than what we wear that can save more lives and end this thing!
covid can’t stop autumn 
Nah, these are a reaction to TSN!!! 
they are terrible 
Here i am but i had to read the @Eagles post-mortems first. Nasty habit
well played!! 
well done
I think that's a correct call. 
I want so much to get it right for our readers, viewers, club members and i have to deal with this political stuff that i despise.  
And it's just so difficult. 
thank you...
thank you so much.. more troubled then... 
retired the suit for thr weekends!
nah, just at peace with nature. 
they don''t call me Jimmy Chill for nothing
a win
Wentz played with heart!!! 
Well that ought to do the trick 
Fantasy will never make up for reality...especially when you lose in fantasy....
getting in touch with my inner self this weekend 
@Eagles did their best with almost no weapons left...
We made a nice comeback no matter what
These are the times that try our fans' souls... 
Two chances in two minutes! 
Troubling... @Eagles
I am a fan through thick and thing. 
And i do not trade my own..  
Go Birds...
so far, it is a House of Pain for @Eagles fans
fired up?? 
I have a million games on to make the pain lessened
NFL Week 6: Fantasy Football, Betting and DFS Preview 
fabulous meal tonight at Meadowlark, New Hope, PA.  Chef Rodger Marsh outdid himself!!!! 
Thank you
Getting Back to Even discusses options 
Get Rich Carefully will be good. 
So will Real Money
amen, https://t.co/4GDPqOk4LV
Come play against me in Week 6 and win cash on @DraftKings. 
The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter. 
Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC
This competition will give you hope! 

We are building a better mask thanks to young innovators from all around the world!

Follow along ➡️ http://xprize.org/mask 

There's eight games with an Over/Under of 50 or more points in Week 6. 
But which is the best game stack on @DraftKings? 
@BullMKTFantasy analyst @BillEnright and I highlight the Packers and Bucs.

fascinating discussion about "who got the call" 
What matters to me, Dave Tepper, is not in the"Trump inner circle and he did read the Lancet that weekend
When you have ten to one down to up volume the late Mark Haines would say that you have to buy, That's what we had at today's opening...
i am most grateful for these words 
No, but i have always liked Jay. 
He is a compassionate, good man who is doing a great job. 
Before i take heat i know Dicken's i know that was Christmas... it is more of an allusion

it's hard to summon the energy in the pandemic... 
you just can't live your life the way you want to...
And you just worry so much about your kids all of the time.

the club works for you.. thank you!!!! 
Trialers listen to my comments.. 
i  think you will like them..
Yeah, very strange article this morning about hedge fund managers who got a call but did they ???
Because this job is really hard and it i am going to be good enough at my job for you 
I have no choice... 
It must be done.
I made fun of it yesterday and said you should be really careful with Fastly, a stock i liked until it went up 20% in a day,. 
I have a new one i am worried about later...
thank you! 
that one took forever to go over.. 
i am grateful for your kind words and your membership to the http://actionalertsplus.com  club
thank you.. 
let's be careful. 
difficult few days

If AMD is testing your patience you should sell it because it is one of the world's best performers. 
Our office liked the wings. 
The hot ones suited me fine. 
You have to understand that they may not be A or even B plus wings, there is NO comparison to the old ones.
5 Thoughts on Apple's iPhone 12 and HomePod Mini Event from @EricJhonsa 
Yeah, told 
watch tonight.. 
Remember Fastly traded to the 70s on its last clubbing,.. 
let the knaves flee, the ones who think all that happens is it goes up, and then take a hard look a it. 
Listen to tonight's show...  
fabulous 
better at what? 
i said this morning that the move was insane. 
Will the real Fastly supporters please stand up please stand up
Why did "they" love Fistly so much? What was behind it? 
They are competing with  everyone in a commodity biz...
the stock they call Fistly just blew up!
A home run and a touchdown!! 
$DPZ 🍗🦴 
trying the wings ! 
See you at 11:30 A.M. 
ET for today's exclusive @CramerClub  call! 
Watch it on https://t.co/GZCuwlCC06
I think i have some pretty contrary thinking about the election and stocks in my club call.. .
You should trial it...  
http://actionalertsplus.com at 11:30 today. 
you will enjoy it
GS has the best parts of JPM and none of the bad loans. 
they should have a good one. 
Ryan looks so sharp. wow!

no one's laughing now!! 
tonight,, fun show, should make you laugh and have a great time..
I watched Chase Claypool score 4 TDs against my Eagles. 
It was heart-breaking But someone was smiling with that performance as the Steelers rookie helped one team on @DraftKings win a Million Dollars 
#ad 

no 
this has to be the most pumped (and dumped) stock on my feed 
goes higher 
Bed Bath keeping the roll on. 
I like this one so much... ,
Sold some assets people said were worth nothing!!!  
Mark Tritton is a genius. 
the shorts are in their last gasp!!!
Italia getting a piece of the action in our Next-Gen Mask Challenge... 
which team can reign supreme? 


Follow along ➡️ http://xprize.org/mask
thank you for signing up. 
Big call tomorrow at 11:30
a lot of times it's the ratio. 
that can be overwhelming. 
then there was some b.s. video from 17 years ago where i tried to expose the bad guys and some clowns made it sound like i was exposing me. 
I never traded futures. 
such a joke

@AdamSchefter going on Adam's podcast in a few minutes...
shops at Marshall's for that outfit
Beyond Meat could continue to serve up stock gains after a correction: @BruceKamich
total agreement.. we are all freaked out to go anywhere 
no, i haven't for 11 years. 
but you know the sunshiners out there can't resist. 
It is why i have to create Jimmy Chill
Remember we get sell-offs after most Apple product origination s
40,000 articles later and going strong, https://t.co/7VCNyzf5H4 !! 
I will not be bragging about my big win this week in fantasy because i screwed up on others. 
Some crow and some chianti...  @BullMktFantasy at 11:30 and then excerpted on Twitter by Draft Kings
