#RememberWhoSaidNothing
Some of the Charlie Kirk jokes happening right now are just so so so good.
I’m dying.
This was great
This got me excited for Christmas.
It’s also truly amazing.
It’s over. You lost.
If you don’t like it, take it all the way to the Supreme Courtyard Marriott.
Top-shelf joke writing.
I already started writing our Parent Trap remake.
Beautiful palate cleanser.
Magic everywhere.
Don’t forget about the calming power of awe.
Try not to label or analyze.
Just be with it, in awe.
No you didn’t.
You lost.
Mark ‘Not Controlling the Pandemic’ Meadows AND Matt ‘Gas Mask’ Gaetz both test positive for Covid????
Wow. Just wow. The timing is stunning. 
Also, when I typed in ‘gaetz’, I swear on everything, my autocorrect changed it to ‘farts’.
💙🎉🎂
Friendly reminder that @ASP has a lot of helpful information :)
This is a man who served his country over his ego.
He praised our treasured institutions over his own party.
He was an example of leadership even in defeat.
He tried to bring us together while accepting his toughest political loss because he knew what truly made us great.
WATCH!
Damn. I love @StephenAtHome 
Thank you for this. 
Every single Republican needs to watch this. https://t.co/305KjB7t1O
Wow.
Hey Republicans, are you listening to this come-to-life toilet spew complete lies about the integrity of our democratic process?
Love this guy
This actual meatball wants to fire the U.S.’s top infectious disease expert during a pandemic.
Fauci is a man of science.
Other folks from the scientific community need to stand up for Fauci before this dunce cap replaces him with Lil Wayne.
Happy Halloween!!
(He hated every second of it)
ALWAYS a pleasure!
💙👑
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Watch the full ‘Making of A Starting Point’ at https://t.co/bwhk5OwlVa
You can also register to vote while you’re there!
I’m proud of this site and I hope you find it useful.
Make sure your voice is heard.
YOUR VOTE MATTERS!!
Wow.
Just think about how different this year could’ve been.
Jumpstart your weekend right now and cast your ballot today on #VoteEarlyDay.
It'll feel great and you'll be exercising your civic duty.
@VoteEarlyDay has information about early polling places.
Make sure your voice is heard! http://LetsVoteEarly.org/chrisevans_t
🎉🎉🎉 So happy to be teaming up with @MTV to celebrate
#VoteEarlyDay
💙💙💙💙💙
So wonderful chatting with you!
Thank you for this dive into @ASP
What a tease!!
🎉🎉💪💪
There’s a slight chance that I might have the best dog in the world.
And he doesn’t even know it.
It’s such a clean dynamic.
What did we do to deserve dogs?
Hearing Larry David yell is one of my favorite things – especially when he’s right. 
Donate so we can save our country, state by state, and let's reach $300K by tonight!
Do you know where your polling place is?
How about your absentee ballot drop-off location? 
Please #MakeAPlan to vote so you’re ready to go when the polls open in your state!
Learn how here:
Thanks for having us!
Proud of these numbers! (...and of Little Shop of Horrors 😜)
It would be an honor 😘
His brain is a scribble.
Thanks for having me!
Don’t be afraid of Covid?!
You’ve been under round-the-clock care by the best doctors using the best drugs.
Do you really think everyone has access to that?!
Sadly, I’m sure you’re aware of that disparity, you just don’t care
This is reckless to a shocking degree, even for you
I can explain....
My blood is boiling.
Find this man.
You don’t touch Rick Moranis.
If you wanna feel really good today, watch this.
This is how it’s done!!
Katie Porter is the future.
I kinda love this
John Oliver just knocked this out of the park. 
Please, please, please watch this. 
Please. 
And vote. 
Volunteer to call or text voters in swing states and share vital Election Day info (polling station locations, how to register, and more).
We need all hands on deck!
This.