I apologize for the flippant reference I made to the Holocaust in my tweet last night. 
It was not a reference I made for humorous effect but rather to reflect how deeply frightened I am for our country.  
It was a very poor use of judgement and in poor taste.
Good point
Such a wonderful city.
Hibiscus
Someone needs to.
Denim.
The context was perfectly clear.
They’re actually really nice collars.
Me either.
That’s my county.
I’m still mad at them.
I did but it was way down ticket.
So am I!
Of course I do.
Frankly, you have no right to be disappointed in me. 
None whatsoever. 
I have used my own platform to speak my mind. 
You may dislike me, certainly but disappointment in me should be reserved for say...bad recipes.
As little as possible.
I can.
No. Because they have no right to demand the resignation of anyone anywhere.
Well, horizontal stripes aren’t slimming and pink doesn’t go with assault rifles. So...
Wait...what?
TIME TUNNEL!
Drones
Look to the east on the third...make that seventh day.
WHY ARE YOU FIGHTING IT?!
decency
I'm not crying, you're...okay, I'm crying.
Pineapples on CUSP of really pissing me off.
BREAKING: 
Pineapples still the real problem.
Won't somebody open up a window. 
It's 90 degrees, have mercy, John, please!
...and I feel fine.
Fine...
Stands must be made.
Hey @TheTedAllen thanks for speaking your mind.
We wish we were there right now, in the back with martinis and a steak
Good point
Fuck em
Wouldn’t it have nice if someone worried about numbers as much when it was dead Americans.
I shouldn’t but I must. 
Other food network people are like “let’s talk about thanksgiving sides” While I’m going Mr. 
Blonde on a pineapple
Hah! Now the other two pineapples are spilling the beans.
I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE
YOU SHUT YOUR PIE HOLE
Like...magic.
I have filed lawsuits against pineapples in 5 states. 
I'm serious...don't mess with me.
I just bought three pineapples and I'm going to make two watch what I do to the other.
“Lighten up, Francis.”
Next time try microwaving the ding dong for 12 seconds.
#QuarantineQuitchen: 
Election Night Edition, brought to you by steak, smoke, and...what else...liquor. 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: https://youtu.be/We3BRi_98D0
I'm blaming pineapple...for everything. 
EVERYTHING.
Solidly in my top ten.
Wow...I’ll have to watch and let you know. 
Probably a blackwing
BBQ BEER FREEDOM
Shhhhh
This!
I'm not drunk. You're drunk.
Be cool, Honey Bunny.
Since there's nothing happening tonight, why not join me and @IngramElizabeth for steaks and liquor on #QuarantineQuitchen at 8pm eastern on YouTube.
I may have lost my mind but @IngramElizabeth and I will definitely be going live with #QuarantineQuitchen tonight at 8pm eastern on the YouTubes! #ElectionNightSteak. 
Alcohol will be served.
I go crazy whenever you do...well...you know.
I think I blacked out. 
What'd I miss?
I'm good.
I agree
Catfood in chilled cans/ bathtubs full of cereal/ frost on windowpane
Back off, Tyler. 
You're out of your element.
jaeger and cumin.
I'm not asking for anything.
I SAID "WHO'S WITH ME"?
who's with me?
Turn off the lights and run 23 Slim Jims through the juicer.
I TOOK TOO MANY
I'M FINE
NO BABY.
I DON'T FREAKING CARE. 
DO IT.
I want you to go out right now and buy Fritos and cat food.
because I'm alive
I'm gone...gone...gone.
CANNED FRUIT SALAD AND CHEEZE WIZ WITH HERSHEY'S SYRUP AND GIN
HELL NO
I'M MAD AS HELL AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE IT ANY MORE.
GRAPENUTS ROCK...ESPECIALLY WITH HALF N HALF AND SCOTCH.
SWISS FREAKIN' MEATBALLS FOR EVERYONE
No...but I passed him in an alley once.
PRINCE SAID IT BEST "LET'S GET CRAZY."
YOU WANNA EAT WITH THE DEVIL IN THE PALE MOONLIGHT? 
FINE...EAR WAX.
HAS ANYONE ACTUALLY EVER MET A "JOLLY RANCHER"?
MURDER HORNET FONDUE
Grab an eel and tie off.
TWO WORDS: RANCH...STINGS.
NOPE
THE REGULAR STUFF
I'LL DEAL WITH YOU AS SOON AS I'M DONE WITH THIS CAPT CRUNCH SITZ BATH.
YOU THINK YOU KNOW WHAT CRAZY LOOKS LIKE? 
I'VE GOT MARSHMALLOW FLUFF AND THREE FEET OF GARDEN HOSE! 
YOU WANNA DANCE?
I HAVE 17 CANS OF DUNCAN HINES FROSTING AND I'M NOT AFRAID TO USE THEM. 
BACK THE HELL OFF!
YOU MEAN PIPING BAG.
PE3RFCTLKNT
NOTHING TO SEE HERE.
I'M OPERATING A FORK LIFT AT THE NITRO FACTORY.
I'M MORE THAN OKAY.
OH, I'M PERFECT.
YOU CAN'T STOP ME. 
NO ONE CAN STOP ME.
GODDAMIT I LOVE YOU
3/4
DON'T LOOK AWAY
I'M TALKING ABOUT PIPING SPAGHETTIOS INTO STALE TWINKIES AND EATING THEM NAKED IN THE SHOWER WITH A BOTTLE OF JAEGER
THAT'S MY EYEDROPS
BOTH YA MORON
KRAFT
IT DOESN'T FUCKING MATTER!
So many Food Network people are like "oh, I'm going to braise short ribs in elderberry jam..." 
Screw that, I'm going to mainline moon pies and snort cheese powder!
With a side shot of Jaeger.
I ain't got time for no casseroles.
YOU'VE JUST NEVER TRIED.
DON'T TOY WITH ME. 
I'M FRAGILE...
I GOT A CONDITION.
Actually that may be better.
Top called.........
I'm seriously thinking about @LittleDebbie 
#NuttyBars and cigarettes. 
 Honestly, like at the same time.
So sorry for your loss.
No matter what happens tomorrow, we’ll still have tiny chocolate doughnuts.
an entire pie
I feel ya.
So, #QuarantineQuitchen will be live tomorrow night at 8pm on YouTube. 
What should we cook (and more importantly drink) to get through the night? 
Jet is much too nice to play in our sandbox.
This is a brilliant hack. 
I fully endorse.
Are you snorting or main-lining?
Nicely done!
We have a new and improved version of this dish! 
Video will be on YouTube before Thanksgiving.
How has that worked out for you?
Well...I guess I should be glad you're putting it to some use.
sure...maybe...probably not.
unitasker
truth
that's the spirit
I'm not the boss. 
Yell at Food Network Canada!!!
You won't like it.
Tonight at 6pm eastern on @fnkitchen, @IngramElizabeth and I are going to be making one of our favorite mid-week meals using a tool in ways it’s completely not designed for. 
Download the app today to tune in and start your 30-day free trial. 
#FoodNetworkKitchen
I cannot wait to see this.
If you missed last night's #QuarantineQuitchen, you missed me and @IngramElizabeth finally "air frying" some dang wings... 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: https://youtube.com/watch?v=nyXIyBrB1p0&feature=youtu.be
Join @IngramElizabeth and me on #quarantinequitchen at 8 eastern on my YouTube channel and see if we can actually air fry wings!
I will never make anything so perfect
Ducks know how to have fun.
Go get an adult.
Why am I not your official spokesperson?
Buffffffaaaaalllooooo
We’ll be drinking Paper Airplanes.
So, tonight on #QuarantineQuitchen @IngramElizabeth and I give that air fryer one last chance. 
#wings tonight at 8pm on my YouTube channel. 
#live
Well...that’s what I thought, but: tradition.
So is meatloaf a giant meatball or are meatballs miniature meatloaves? 
Discuss.
Best tweet ever
Congratulations!
He’s Eric Fucking Greenspan that’s why. 
He don’t need no stinkin verification.
Douglas, I’m here to tell you that Chef is absolutely correct. 
Now apologize before things get ugly.
All In the Family.
perfect
I don’t have a yard. 
I am the yard.
I haven’t watched a bit of this and yet I’m terrified
What kind of Italian owns an espresso machine made by an Australian company?
Ouch
I had a pet possum when I was a kid
Absolutely the correct answer.
I have always mic’d myself. 
Always. Half my toe collection was purchased specifically because they’re mic friendly.
Hmmm. Clearly I have research to do.
Guys, honestly...how do you tuck a shirt in while flat on your back? 
Can you explain how that works?
I have worn every conceivable configuration of microphone through the years. 
In fact I usually have wires snaking all the down to my ankle, where I wear my transmitters. 
Never once had to lay down to don or doff said equipment.
Boy are “air fryer” fans gonna be pissed... 
Catch my and @IngramElizabeth's air fryer fiasco on last night's #QuarantineQuitchen: https://t.co/C6lGg9Z16w?amp=1
So last night’s air fryer test run didn’t go so well on #QuarantineQuitchen but we’re going to be hold off on the #officespace treatment and give it another shot next week. 
#wings
Indeed
Hmph
Exactly.
Hmmm. Hello pussy.
Hope to be back soon.
Tonight at 8pm eastern on #quarantinequitchen we open this box. 
Head to my #youtube channel to watch, live.
I approve this message.
those are called words...just badly written.
I would put money on it.
Excited that the new @guarnaschelli book just arrived! 
All the years I’ve watched her cook and now I get to cook with her.
@enough...no. 
We keep delivering shows but I don’t know when they’ll be shown.
I’m not though. 
Not smart enough
In case you’re curious. 
Why is it everyone who complains when I mention “science” has the word “God” in their profile?
Damned hard to drink out of.
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: #SCIENCE
Do you need to talk?
crickets
me too.
Hey, @IngramElizabeth  and I support @atl_familymeal and our local hospitality workers. 
Tonight, you can too by dropping by http://feedthefamatl.org  at 7pm for a virtual food & music festival sponsored by  @SanPellegrino. 
#feedthefam
Well, thanks for watching anyway. 
I appreciate it.
Sorry about that.
Trying to reach out and you know...care.
That's my answer as well.
I did. I was out in two hours!
The only soft drink I ever really loved.
By the way, the reason auto deaths are going up is because people have decided to act on the roads as they do on social media.
I'll debate MYSELF!
I live in Atlanta.
That is a very interesting choice! 
I must try that right away because my toddies have been lacking bandaid.
I'm seriously thinking of hosting my own town hall...
#everyonesdoingit
I can't wait to catch a cold so I can drink scotch toddies for breakfast without everyone getting all judgey.
Mara, I don’t think there’s a cure for “tiny balls.”
I had mine out all summer.
Also #hangontoyourhat a folded slice of pizza is a quesadilla.
"Open-faced sandwich" is an oxymoron.
naturally I meant barroom,  bar-room, or bar room but I like ball room brawl so much better!
No. I said it's reasonable to me. 
I said nothing of Georgia.
Monkeyshines are my favorite but no...nor any of the above.
I think it already has.
They're a separate network really and they don't tell me a darned thing...so I'm afraid I can't help you. Sorry.
LOVE
no...I stole
Well if I'm not the patron saint of mediocrity I don't know who is.
We have tried and for a while we did but it turned out the shipping to CA cost more than the items. 
And we had to fill out paperwork on every single shipment. 
There doesn't seem to be a way around it for a tiny company like mine.
That's the one. 
I got there at 6:45 and was out by 8:45.
On my last tour, Canada wouldn't allow my trusted bus driver into the country because he got arrested for a ball room brawl there 20 years ago. Reasonable?
Jeremy, I bet you've had, and been willing, to wait longer for one of those toys you collect. Hmmm?
DONT YOU JUDGE ME
No
Why not? Please explain. 
I've seen people wait in line much longer for sneakers.
That would have required removal of masks so I brought tequila shots and small straws instead.
Why is it not reasonable? 
When a lot of people show up for something they form this thing called a "line" (or a que in England) and then they wait. 
This often happens when something of value is desired.
Nope. Mask.
As I said to another tweeter, I've waited longer for a doughnut. 
I waited longer for an iPhone 5. 
When I was a kid I waited 17 hours for Led Zeppelin tickets.
I'm not sorry at all.
Yes. It is. 
I've waited longer for a doughnut.
Waited in line a  reasonable 2 hours to vote  in Marietta, Ga. this morning.  
New print/scan ballot system worked just fine and the poll workers were courteous and knowledgeable. 
No shenanigans inside or out.
Showed up to vote at 6:45 and already 100 folks in line.
I shall report this to my geeks.
If you missed #QuarantineQuitchen last night, you missed...even more kale... 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: https://youtu.be/VQO1wSbpw5U
Perfect
If you saw #TheHouseThatDrippedChocolate you may have noticed this homage to #HauntingofHillHouse 
What can i say...i steal.
Don't argue with me.
Religion Speech Press Assembly Petition 6th Grade
Thank you.
The fact that you left out The Changeling throws a shroud over your entire list.
don't do that yet
Thank you.
We shall look into this immediately.
Happy to announce that the newly renovated, refurbished, and rehabilitated https://t.co/CkyQ4GSYh2 is on line. 
So, drop by and poke around.
Glad you like it!
We’re working on it
Close but not identical. 
Good eye.
You’re gonna blow the transaxle.
Want to be sure? 
Take off and nuke the whole site from orbit.
eastern...sorry.
May I ask what platform you were on and what device?
Quarantine Quitchen is live tonight at 8pm on my YouTube channel. 
There will be drinking and cussing and probably dancing so if that stuff offends you...well then...bite me.
Now shut up, get off your knees and send me more Jäger!
Thanks for alerting us. 
The site has only soft launched...we're working on it.
We have no idea what we’ll cook on #quarantinequitchen tonight but @IngramElizabeth and i will be drinking “Aviations,” and yes to the  creme de violette.
It’s so adorable how you thought I didn’t know that.
These folks are probably the most ingenious storytellers in America so you might check this out.
How many of you out there would appreciate a book written for really smart people who really don't know a damn thing about cooking but wish they did?
There is no such thing as air frying...
Well done
Nope. Not one.
well played
Absolutely. 
I do mine in heavy duty freezer zip top bags and bring them back in warm water 
(if you have an immersion circulator set to 125 and leave them for an hour).
It needs an actual washing. 
You can try getting it really hot and adding water to boil that off but I think it may actually need washing.
Interesting...indeed it is a sitcom. 
It should have been on top 10 list for sure.
I can't really vouch for either but I would stray from a power tool in this instance.
No. That's a slice. 
You see, the bread/sauce/cheese are integrated by being cooked together into one thing.
You tell me.
I'm convinced that gin is the superior Bloody Mary spirit. Oh...and tequila.
I will be very interested to read this.
Thank you so much.
Hmmm
Yeah. I’m kinda over that too
Thank you for noticing the RF nod. 
I didn’t think anyone would get it.
That’s originally how it was written!
Peanuts
I really wouldn’t do that.
I know it sounds right but...no. 
Vital gluten is produced in such a way that I don’t find it to be a replacement for the protein in flour.
I am indeed. 
My daily ride is an ‘84 911
No. And no.
It stands for “Wonka.”
Maybe
I love it.
It is.
For those that wondered, the “W” was for Wonka.
I will always love you first.
eBay
I know the world’s on fire and all but “The House That Dripped Chocolate” premieres on @FoodNetwork at 9 pm eastern and it’s my precious (bloodied) labor of love something that would be love if it weren’t so damned creepy.
spectacular
Well okay then.
Absolutely.
First ep of a new season.
Me too.
Wow. Thank you.
Trust me.
Dang
Tonight’s the night. 
Catch the premiere of “The House That Dripped Chocolate,” a masterpiece of culinary horror at 9pm EST on @FoodNetwork. 
Or stream it for free on the Food Network Watch app, no log-in required. 
#goodeatsthereturn 
#leavethelightson
Hotdogs are sandwiches. 
We’ve already settled this.
Manners maketh man.
If elected, i will have marshmallows classified as a vegetable because they used to be made with flowers.
Ouch
Hey food fans, @IngramElizabeth and I will be concocting some comestibles at 8pm eastern on the @foodnetwork app. 
Alcohol will be involved.
It's not about insulation. 
It's about moisture loss/intrusion. 
Still this isn't full on correct.
Sometimes just mad
I hate it so bad.
Excuse me? I do what?
Last night's #QuarantineQuitchen got a little trashy and a lot...cheesy. 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: https://youtube.com/watch?v=xZhawID2bHU&feature=youtu.be
Did someone set Forrest Gump on fire? 
That’s just mean!
we're doing our best to just be a fun place to go...you know?
Yeah, well they don’t pay us so...
Wow
We’ve been slack due to good eats production. 
We’ll get a tune on next week
Yeah but alcohol doesn’t know!
Not even
Nailed it!
Just so you know, @IngramElizabeth and I don’t do #QuarantineQuitchen for money or brand management or anything other than we really have come to value having you all into our home. 
Always honest, never scripted and sponsored by nobody never.
See you there.
Because I have just about had it.
Oh...and I’m going to start drinking at 7.
Don’t blame you
Dark
#QuarantineQuitchen is back tonight at 8pm on my YouTube Chanel but you probably don’t want to watch because odds are @IngramElizabeth and I are gonna use some language. 
So...just...don’t.
Nothing can get you through the madness better than the love of a dog. Let’s get this lady a home.
You can’t change definitions just because the food is good.
Don’t know
Um...no
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, Chef.
Why? QQ@is on tomorrow night!!
That is scary.
Like scary stories? 
Catch The House That Dripped Chocolate, October 8 at 9 PM EST on @FoodNetwork for a cautionary, confectionary tale... 
#goodeatsthereturn
YOU SHUT YOUR PIE HOLE!
It's a convection roaster...there's no such thing as frying in air.
Shake it over the trash can.
Hot air popcorn popper.
Well...I do like a big toaster oven
Whatever
How can you love me and tell me not to be literal?!?
Convective broilers
Well stated.
It’s a 360 convective broiler
Clearly I’m not.
Frying is frying and is defined by immersion in fat.
That’s not pedantry, that’s fact and it’s a fact worth understanding.
Barely
EXACTLY!!!
I endorse this message
I love this so much
I would have told you your turkey is on fire but didn’t want to give any information that might steer the course of Thanksgiving dinner  in another direction.
Absolute truth
It’s the only cookie I dream about.
There is no such thing as “air frying.” 
So stop talking about it like it’s a thing.
Because...no
Can you share the recipe?
On it
I spotted it first, dammit!
I am with you.
Just wrapped the new season of Good Eats: The Return.
Thank you to my crew for not killing me and for amazingly expressing their talents all while wearing masks and face shields and washing their hands 375 times a day.
Cooking up something wicked...delicious.
Don't miss #GoodEatsTheReturn's Halloween special, The House That Dripped Chocolate, coming to @FoodNetwork next Thursday, October 8 at 9 PM EST.
Last night was...our anniversary.
Check out the highlights below, or catch the full show here : https://youtube.com/watch?v=JZUd_A9OpsE&feature=youtu.be 
Sprinkles suck
Landing
Two Benadryl and several bourbons...but no not really.
Belize
The hero we need.
Done
Point taken.
I’m not watching anymore.
Embarrassing on both sides.
Dear #Godzilla...NOW!
But is it?
Or is it about man’s constant battle with God?
Gentlemen, you can’t fight in here.
This is the war room!
I hear @MerriamWebster is updating their definition of “shit show.”
Hey guys...what’s on TV?
Does that mean “Cutthroat Kitchen?”
The #barbuto cookbook is finally here!
I have no idea where to start.
Tonight at 8pm eastern #QuarantineQuitchen will be live with @IngramElizabeth and me drinking an appropriate amount in preparation for whatever may happen later...you know...at 9.
Done
Well done!
Professional only!
No. It’s a canapé.
No. It certainly isn’t.
Don’t use carrots.
One of my proudest moments. 
Therefore: tacos are @tacos and are deserving of their own culinary category.
Burritos are enclosed wraps.
Henceforth my definition of “sandwich” is: any food designed to be conveyed to the mouth by fingers whereby the food and fingers are separated by leavened bread which directly juxtaposes at least two sides of the filling and is consumed along with the filling.
Furthermore, “open-face” sandwiches are big, fat fakers...not sandwiches at all!
Oh, and once and for all: a hotdog sure as s__t is a sandwich.
We're still not sure whether we drank rum or bourbon...but here's a taste of what else you missed on last night's #QuarantineQuitchen.
 Catch the full show here: https://t.co/WOxGzItXvj
Cheesecake is in fact a custard pie.
Don’t bother replying in the negative.
Just adjust your world view and move on with life.
Let me put this to rest: cheesecake is pie.
At 7:55 tonight @IngramElizabeth and I will remove our clothing.
At 8:00 we will begin a live episode of #QuarantineQuitchen on my #youtube channel.
(At 7:58 we will hastily re-dress...or will we?) 
That’s right...I have my own rhino!
 I know I’ll probably never meet Apollo but I sure do like being able to help him, even from half a world away.
#WorldRhinoDay2020
Dear @SenatorLoeffler, Attila the Hun was referred to as “Flagellum Dei.”  I know you don’t know what that means  but you might want to have someone google it.