I fully endorse this message. 
Please support your Indie Bookstores. 
They are places that promote curiosity, contemplation, and our common humanity. 
In other words, we need them!
If you had not heard of @realkingsreturn before, here’s another great musical moment I shared once before.
God Bless America indeed. Such beautiful harmony. 
I must have something in my eye because it’s getting misty.
Maybe you would be interested in our documentary HUMAN NATURE on Netflix. 
It's about moral and societal implications of the science revolution known as #CRISPR (which won the Nobel Prize this year!). 
It might end up being one of the biggest stories I've every covered.
Want a GREAT Sunday break from the election news? 
The chance to expand your mind? 
Check out HUMAN NATURE on Netflix. 
(Ok, it's our documentary, but I'm really proud of it). 
It's about the science revolution known as #CRISPR, which got this year's Nobel Prize!!! 
#HumanNatureFilm
Some fun news! 
Glad many seem to be enjoying #WhatUnitesUs. 
This week I'm working with my publisher on a Twitter giveaway of 5 signed hardcovers (it involves retweeting). 
I'll give you the details tomorrow. 
For a jumpstart, follow my wonderful publisher @AlgonquinBooks.
The escalating pandemic is a potent reminder we can't wall ourselves off from others, or reality. 
We need to invest in our own determination to make the world better. 
We must do the hard work to make the present determine a future we can't fully imagine or comprehend.
I am glad you are reading this, but I also suggest you tuck away your phone or computer for a while. 
Read a book. 
Call an old friend. 
Take a walk. 
Hold out hope. 
Minds can change. 
Hearts can open. 
Ears can listen. Speech can be used to build bridges. 
There are many reasons to be cynical but I for one choose to not succumb. 
To make that choice feels like a step towards healing.
I remember in the aftermath of World War II there were very strong feelings, to say the least. 
There was so much death, and hatred, and horror. 
But within a few years, Japan and Germany were well on their way to becoming allies of the United States, where they remain today. 
I think we all need a reset, take a moment to breathe and think of our communal health and common humanity. 
I understand the fear, and the distrust, and the dislike. 
We can't give up on fighting for justice or the truth. 
We are all in this together, whether we like it or not.
We have a winner and a loser. 
There is a lot of damage that can still be done, but let us reflect that the worst fears of violence at the polls or in the aftermath have not materialized yet. 
Not by a long shot. 
And that gives me hope.
Right now the temperature is hot, if not in the air, then in the hearts of many of our fellow citizens. 
This was a pitched battle for the soul of the nation, fueled by propaganda and distortions that made it all the more passionate.
It has been a long and arduous process to try to fix those injustices. 
The sight of Kamala Harris, in a white suit speaking as the Vice President-elect, is a sign of how far we have come and how far we also have to go. 
The other thing I hope we can agree on is our nation is broken in ways that need fixing and it's always easier to fix things when you work together. 
This effort must begin by realizing America has always been broken in some significant systemic and historic realities.
My hope is that there are a few things we can all agree on. 
One is that we never know what will happen. 
Think back over the last 40 years, or 4 years, or 4 months, or even 4 days. 
How much did we really see coming? 
The present changes the future. 
It always has. Always will. 
Are the portents for Democrats ominous in the long term? 
Is the party split? 
What will Donald Trump do? 
What will the Senate Republicans do? 
What do we make from parsing the demographics, and the electorate, and the statements from the politicians on both sides?
What happens now?

The tumult continues with rapid news cycles reckoning about the future. 
We see recriminations and outrage, second-guessing and breathless prognosticating. 
What will the final vote totals be in the popular vote and in the uncalled states?
Thank you for your service. 
Science is always an applause line I am happy to stand and salute.
A cliffsnotes version of Joe Biden’s speech could be summarized as #WhatUnitesUs 😀.  
I truly believe most of America would like to work together to solve our challenges.
It feels good to be looking forward.
Madame Vice President-elect!
I wonder @HamillHimself, did you feel a disturbance in the Force? 
Perhaps it was the sound of the rest of the world exhaling?
Sportsmanship is being joyous in victory, without gloating. And it is being sad in defeat without being a sore loser. 
It is a standard I hope we can ultimately achieve.
Please indulge me with sharing a personal thought. 
But I am glad I’m still around to see this.
Ok, 2020. 
That was something good.
As people celebrate, please remember we are in the midst of a raging and resurgent pandemic. 
Wear masks, keep your distance, live to fight for the future.
Let’s turn #WhatUnitesUs from a question, to a statement of purpose.
Thank you.
This is a win for decency and democracy. 
A new chapter in American history begins today.
We SHALL overcome.
The Magical Mystery Tour is waiting to take you away. Gather the kids. 
Send in the clowns. 
It seems we (finally) have a President-elect Biden and Vice President-elect Harris.
Joe Biden's speech tonight was addressed to the entirety of our nation. 
It was like a fresh breeze on a muggy day. 
We elect presidents of the United States of America. 
All of it. 
At least that's the way it's supposed to be. 
God willing.
I guess he just got tired of all the winning.
Happy Birthday 🎂. 
I wonder if one of the hang ups is Donald Trump is concerned about his "conceding" hairline.
Yes, RBG too.
 I was thinking particularly of Arizona and Georgia.
Am I the only one picturing John Lewis and John McCain watching the returns together?
Thank you.
Watching the vote totals come in is sort of like watching video of a car wreck in reverse.
Maybe if we explained to Donald Trump that he is “in debt” to the counted ballots in many states, he could better understand the “math.”
Thanks. 
I will leave it to others to judge the quality of this "read." 
But I wholeheartedly agree. 
Support your local, indie bookstores, whether it's with #WhatUnitesUs, or any other title.
In a special edition of my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I want to hear your thoughts on the election results. 
Are you surprised by how close the returns are? 
I'll be taking your calls live at 5:30pm ET. 
Dial 844-305-2639 and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
I’ll be on air today at 5pm ET for a special Election edition of #DanRathersAmerica on @RadioAndySXM (SiriusXM channel 102.) 
Hope you'll tune in
Thank you. 
I'm curious for the feedback you get.
This is a good question. 
I hope the answer for many of you is "yes" you have seen HUMAN NATURE (now on Netflix). 
I'm very proud of our #HumanNatureFilm. We need to understand and appreciate science, now even more than ever.
Poll workers are heroes. 
Full stop.
Even as America has been riveted by the election drama, doctors, nurses, orderlies, paramedics, and all the others on the medical front lines have been battling a deadly pandemic made worse by a horrendous government response. 
Let’s remember these heroes as well this morning.
America:             Knock, Knock. 
Donald Trump:  Who's there?
America:             The truth.
Re-upping on this tweet this morning.
my thoughts are with you on a full recovery. 
Thank you for using this difficult moment in you own life to educate and inform. 
You have likely saved lives.
Biden takes the lead in Pennsylvania. 
If - if - it stays blue then we are through.
As a man, I recognize the bar is lower, but I've had some wonderful makeup people do what they could to make this face television ready. 
But in the field, I often did the basics myself. 
Sometimes the results I fear may have resembled a kabuki production of Moulin Rouge.
Just because you sue, doesn’t mean it’s true.
Please don’t insult the Stooges! 
Thanks. 
Humor and news must both be part of #WhatUnitesUs.
Who invented the ALL CAPS key? 
MAY WE HAVE A WORD?
Happy birthday.
Independent Bookstores are vital to our future. 
Many are hurting. 
I've used this platform in the past, and will it again to encourage all of you to support these local businesses. 
To others on Twitter with big followings, please echo this call. 
This can be part of #WhatUnitesUs.
Thank you for the kind words.
I won't minimize the challenges or dangers before us. 
But I believe America is more broken in politics than in heart. 
There's ugliness and hate - systemic and historical. 
But I think we can find common ground on important issues if we could get tribal politics out of the way.
Try to do something this week to help someone else in a way that has nothing to do with politics. 
It will make you feel better. 
And it will be a small but measurable step in helping heal our world.
I find myself thinking of Dr. King a lot this morning. 
I started covering him early in the Civil Rights Movement, when defeats outnumbered victories. 
But I saw in him a steadiness and unshakable belief in the justice of his cause. 
He never gave up, and he moved mountains.
A stark reminder, especially at my age, that all-nighters are fine, until you have to pay the price. 
I had intended to go to bed, but sleep never came and I stayed glued to the news. 
I can't predict a lot about the future, but I can predict a nap.
A stark reminder, especially at my age, that all-nighters are fine, until you have to pay the price. 
I had intended to get some sleep last night, but it never came and I was glued to the news. 
I can't predict a lot about the future, but I can predict a nap.
On @RadioAndySXM  I’ll be speaking with the incomparable @Andy to add some context and perspective to this morning after Election Day.
I search for a fitting analogy for the moment, but I’m unsure if they still have see-saws on modern playgrounds.
I don't know any more about where this is going than you do, or anybody else. 
We will be back at it tomorrow. 
#Peace.
Up next: I’ll be joining @morning_joe on @peacockTV
Patience remains a virtue.
For those following election coverage, there are miles to go before we sleep. 
I’ll be joining “Election Night on SiriusXM Progress” to discuss live results. 
You can join the conversation here: http://siriusxm.us/ProgressElection
Command center in Austin tonight. 
One thing to keep in mind is where does the third party vote from 2016 go?
Remember that Florida and Georgia both figure to be close. 
So early returns should be kept  in context. 
They, at best, may provide a few hints and clues. 
But unwise to attach much significance to them at this point.
A big thank you to all those working the polls. 
You keep the gears of our democracy turning.
The big news out of the Rather household is we’re having drop biscuits to get us through the night.
Trying to tease out election results at this point in the day is like trying to read tea leaves in a tornado.
It was a pleasure to speak with the talented
These are turbulent and dangerous times. 
My gentle counsel is be big on hope, pray (if that's your way), stay steady, have patience, and don't forget to breathe. 
If you can, listen to your favorite music, read a book or poetry, and if the weather is nice, take a walk.
This is absolutely unprecedented. 
Amen. 
After you make sure you’ve voted, today is also a great day to affirm democracy by supporting your independent booksellers. 
They are vital local businesses and a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.
In my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I want to hear from you. 
Today is Election Day in America. 
What are you seeing and hearing on the ground in your area? 
How closely will you be watching the election results tonight? 
Dial 844-305-2639 at 10:15am ET and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
