No, i am looking like a person with 
 a family member who has it. 
 I would like to see her 
The tough thing to figure: 
Nasdaq futures up big, but many Nasdaq stocks will be falling.
Strategy, let oil go up until tomorrow and sell. 
Buy FAANG winners...
Apple, Alphabet... Facebook, ---Amazon/Netflix tougher
SBUX had been facing tough 2021 first quarter compares .. no longer .. 
Here's an interesting idea: Santander
Don't forget theme parks-- CMCSA (i work for them)
Could be some extraordinary declines in the FAANG stocks. 
Remember Google is travel ads. 
Apple is China, Biden
@BarSanMiguelBK , mothballed by covid, will be open by Cinco de Mayo if not earlier!!!
The balance of big caps that do better under the covid tyranny versus the futures make the futures suspect even as the covid destroyed stocks come back to life.
Let the oils go up for a couple of says and then sell them....
Buy BA (http://actionalertsplus.com) we have been buying it and it's been very lonely
They are crushing the stay-at-homes. 
But boosting the travel/China stocks...
Below i posted a piece of a writer for The New York Times who belittled and trashed me for my belief in science and the drug companies coming up with something, I am sure an apologizes will be coming for him comparing me to an Animal House figure. 
Chill says no problem

Be careful of cloud stocks. 
They work without vaccine.. 
Or the Pelotons of the world.
So many professional investors  on the wrong side of the trade.. 
So many non-professionals on the right side of the trade.
Twenty-four hours ago we were hopeless at the face of the illness. 
Now we are in a position to beat this...
Those who doubted science, those who castigated us for believing, you must recognize their your positions were ill-advised. 
I will not attack you as you attacked me because I come in chill and peace
Hilarious: three weeks ago in these cyber pages there were literally hundreds of Democrats attacking me and calling for my firing. 
Hashtag Cramer firing trended for days because i was being discredited as being owned by Trump. 
You  need to focus
going on right now...
Pfizer, thank you -90% effective...
You are for covid or you rare against it. 
Being against it does not mean you are pro lockdown. 
I have said here i will embarrass and block the pro-covid people. 
They annoy me
I do not favor a lockdown. 
I lost three businesses to it. 
I have a family member who is sick with it. 
I have a friend of 32 years who almost died from it. 
I am against covid, Those who support doing nothing are for covid & i don't know how they live with themselves. 
But they do.
Nah, just the covid backers. 
I find them annoying
That story without a lot of debt works.. 
I kind of like it here and i sure didn't before that appearance 
oddly, my wife is against covid, too. 
The pro-covidists, while amusing and certainly in the majority it seems, have not met with Lisa’s ire. 
look out, you may wish you were against covid and not for it
My desire to try to have fewer people to get sick seems pretty noble. 
Would it help if i were pro-sick cause it's not that bad a sickness? 
Cheer for sickness because, well, why no? 
It's just a flu that kills more people than the flu and can injure brain/heart?
Chillman says, Mr. Glitch, or is it just The Glitch, i respect your right as per Madison and Jefferson, to be an imbecile but can you do it somewhere else?
Room for both.. not a hard either/or 
Chillman has new rules: 
if you are going to disagree with me about the need to try to get the virus under control using what tools we have or you think it is no worse than the flu, you will now be blocked. 
Those days are now over
We run a team. 
If one of us has it and we catch it through testing then we quarantine. 
If you think that doesn't change the number of cases would we do better if we let it run rampant with no testing. 
Chillman says NOW THAT'S AN IDEA, Humphrey!
Robert do you think the people who always want to disagree with me on masks or on EV or FAANG are so angry because they are unhappy people or are they simply unaware that i can embarrass them, block them or ignore them. 
How many divisions do they have?
Chillman wants to know why you, like many here, think it has to be one or the other. 
Talk to Linde. 
Watch the PRC and what they are doing
Waste Management can be a real pioneer here.. 
Methane is their byproduct.
Here's what people here keep forgetting: 
The illness is powerful, contagious and often extremely debilitating for those who live.
We have weak defenses but when combined we can be like China. 
We cannot surrender to it.
It's a weapon in a relatively hopeless cause for western democracies. 
but it has helped immensely. 
Look at the NFL. 
Also it has worked well in South Korea 
he’s not thrilled about my fantasy team 
No, not true. 
Scale will knock the price down. 
I like EV but green hydrogen is a very realistic alternative. 
Please focus
Chillman says when the Chinese beat us in everything and take our jobs away i will think about your rugged independence
Carolina D soft. 
Can't believe Rasul committed that foul! 
But just a FG so better than expected
It's a national emergency not a state emergency... 
Week 9 Fantasy Football Kickoff Show 
five minutes to https://t.co/EYSwOmN6uT show
bingo
Chillman warns, post election, that if you ignore the science of how to stop Covid or cite bogus examples of covid wear they use masks, you will be made fun of for not focusing. 
I believe in science not anecdotes; empirical not canards. 
no more Mr. Niceguy.
Those who keep insisting masks don't work and point to Europe, i say they do in CONJUNCTION with contact tracing, social distancing and testing. 
One without the others does not work, Singapore an Taiwan both with no covid do all four.
OK let me make this clear: masks, testing, contact tracing and social distancing are necessary if we are to catch up to the Chinese. 
All four. 
Not masks alone, Chillman says. 
Stop with the straw man. 
Also enforcement in Europe sucks. 
You should know your stuff. Focus
for those who chided me for not wearing a mask read the bottom line: we all had to be pcr tested and had just gotten results before the event and were asked about them. 
All came with masks on until validated !
reliving the dream!
Will increasingly be focused on hydrogen and ev with new president coming. 
Not friends, not politics, but as always, the viewers' portfolios
Be prepared for a politics free week of how to make money in the interregnum. 
Also https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog, club talk Wednesday. 
Send in your questions.
thank you! 
In the whacky--and great-- world we live in we were at a birthday party for Sarah, the wife of Lisa's ex-husband Bill. 
We are all best friends and it couldn't be more joyous! 
Proof that miracles happen all of the time!
Eleven spots left for CramersCashContest on https://t.co/hhck3VznCh. 
How to set  your line-up coming up in an hour and 15 minutes....
We just want a plan and a national mandate so we are not trying to win this war state by state. 
Masks will be key and the best one will be from http://xprize.org/mask
Three road favorites are seeing heavy action on @DKSportsBook with the Ravens, Seahawks, and Steelers all getting more than 89% of the handle. 
Plus the Bucs and Saints gear up for an epic battle on Sunday Night Football. 
#AD
fun never ends !pple 12! 
where are those who think this phone is just another phone !
new world new rules. 
Happy Birthday Sarah ! 
CNBC special tonight to talk about this. 
I will be on at around 7 p.m. 
Call in because i am out on Long Island or would come in. 
Family night...
No family during the week because of the need to stay separate: virus
Of course, but remember, the bank doesn't question whether you made your money on a short squeeze when they take your deposit!
I stand corrected-- 160 m shares on this one.. 
thank you @Androgeorge !!
You will love this next piece... 
RATIONAL? 
Thanks for being a club member. 
We have had some good ones of late. 
You are most gracious..  
Congratz to Tommy for a HUGE Breeders Cup win today!!! 
To the greatest guy we know!!!!
These stocks are crazy.. 
Divorced from fundies but exciting as all get out.
These are "footballed" stocks. 
They trade up on news and then down on "earnings."  
Don't sweat it 
Aurora Cannabis 116 million shares outstanding, but 457,854,055 shares traded today. Insane!!
What a day for presidents! 
old and dear friend @JeffSonnenfeld checks in with Jefferson! 
Waiting for Harding... 
Jeff's so right about the lower r commonweal.  
We are both from Philly..
Check your bulletins.. or trial it. 
and read the weekend wrap up: https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog . 
i don't want to tell it here because i want to preserve the value of the club membership.
Apple goes positive....
what the heck, my love for Smarties has no bounds 
Come play against me on @DraftKings in Week 9.
The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter. 
Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC 
#AD
Thank you!!!
Stimulus needed for small and medium sized businesses so the workers can stay at home and still be paid.
Sunshine you are hilarious. 
Have you been outside?  You are obtuse. 
Have you seen the cases? 
Jimmy Chill says Fringding, or is it Mr. Fringding, go have a ringding on me. 
I have Hostess Twinkie tonight, think of you.
where was apple upgraded 
Michael, i am so glad you helped me fill out my ballot and know what i did and i always thank you for accompanying me to the Washington school where i vote. 
You are a champ and a prince, chief.
Fed judges are human. 
They do not want to upend an election particularly when the popular vote is so for one candidate and the states have processes that were not thought to be illegal by their legislatures.
Did Austin's audio feed just broker up
Nixon's the one --Nifty 50 --multiples stretched v. 6% bonds - every stock Lee has i own for https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog
History Day--Lee likes Hamilton!! 
Next stop Lincoln
While my charitable trust owns $CVS, understand that it has historically been blasted by sellers after the conference call 
Holy Cow Madison!! 
haven't heard him much on the network. 
Madison = Gamer!
Castigated and embarrassed by both sides--right where i want to be. 
My agenda is helping the viewers make money and nothing more. 
But i have added an ESG element on as many interviews as i can to encourage/embarrass those who don't do good.
If you guys started at 3 you could get Dara before he went to sleep instead of this ridiculous hour... 
Jimmy at the summit dinner is the best...i would live there if i were allowed because the cheeseburger fries diet coke is killer, too. 
The Summit Dinner has made me so happy over the years.
Yo chief, you are out of your mind. 
You must be from south philly. 
even though my family is from 10th and Reed i know Taylor ham is the ONLY way.
I wish some people were wrong on how they have done when they come on. 
We could put them on at, say 4:17 a.m.  @SquawkCNBC
I will buy you guys Taylor Egg and Ham on a Kaiser roll with your choice of cheese. 
Who wouldn't come in for that! 
Jimmy Chill says i would change my alarm if you guys start at 3 so i could watch Dr. Gottlieb at 3:45 a.m.
A lot of what they talk about on Squawk Box would be so terrific at 4 a.m. I can work out to you guys. 
Not that it is all about me. 
Although a lot is. 
@JoeSquawk
@andrewrsorkinI think 3:00 a.m would be good because it could be everything we need from great people.
I want to buys Luntz a cheese steak at @GenosSteaks on me: in the inner sanctum!!!
You can't think of them as now, think of them as future: no one ever thought MSFT would give you a big dividend...
This theory is a new one.. kicking it around.
I am up i am just unexcited about CVS until it takes more of a leadership role in talking about the tests that can be done against Covid and has more of a plan for the front of the store and how it can cut its debt ,That's all.
Fox just showed my entire Fantasy Team and it turns out it is a list of 9ers who are out!
these are extraordinary. 
i would have preannounced these numbers! 
Zillow bull market in housing continues... 
Square crushes it. 
What a night!!!!!
These T-Mobile numbers are insane...  
What a company
Roku with 40% rev growth to come?? 
Oh man!! Smokeshow!
Jeff Green's been on a bunch of times. 
He is a great teacher and he has a fabulous business.. 
The only alternative to google for its niche. 
We have liked Trade Desk since it came public. 
Thanks so much!
Square blows the number away...
some insane moves! 
TMUS, so strong.. 
Trade Desk incredible!
we are going to work !
Talking stocks with thestreet now--what a rally!

LIN--green hydrogen -huge focus
demand is too strong for most of the companies in the phone food chain and do you really think that Apple should be lower?
they feed the Chill Man
in seconds!!!
We have Canopy on tonight! 
YES! AMD has been a good one for us 
Chillman wises to remind Mark John that he lived in his car where he no doubt developed those elitist opinions, especially curled up the back seat with Jack Daniels, a 22 caliber and a toothbrush. 
That's when i became really  regal.
thank you so much!
The Democrats two weeks ago said they had enough of me supporting Trump. 
Where are the research analysts who told you to sell growth and buy value,
Remember there is growth, there is value and there is no value. 
Unless we start exporting even more natural gas, the complex goes down under Trump.
and this is based on what information? 
Curiosity--if so many despise me and my coverage then why are you so addicted to it. 
I will gladly send all of you Narcan. 
You need it.

Why? 
Two weeks ago the Dems said the GOP handlers got to the Chillman. 
So i have to like that both sides think i am "owned" by the other!! 
Bravo, Chill!! 
Owned by NO ONE and don't play for dinner
Chief, the facts, sadly, or happily, are the facts 
Junta off the table!!!
We bought huge LAST WEEK as you know if you are a club member--  
agreed
@Wendy's--was it my wife and the Baconator? 
What a quarter!!!!
I did that in 2016. 
Right off the red eye. 
I got some sleep to be ready for 9... and, more important, do the homework on the companies that make up the markets...
I am looking for stories that  will be true no matter what happens, this is one of them,  Buy AMD 
Studying the tea leaves... remember buy health care if it is down because its multiple has been shrinking for months in part BECAUSE of the election
reminds us that "tech" isn't like we think it is.. broader..better.. but is too caught up in social media rhetoric
Remember, i picked stocks that i expect will drop because of political pressure but then will BOUNCE BACK. 
you can't just pick stocks that are flying and hurt people
a few weeks ago it seemed that every Democrat wanted my head. 
So i think i must be doing well if i am berated by everyone... 
Jimmy Chill loves the masochistic side of things.
you bet!!!! 
coming back soon!!!  
put us on!!!
Here we go!
I think we lean toward the viewers. 
I could not disagree with you more.  
We are trying to help you be financially strong..
Coming to me momentarily!!
Why we are doing https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN. 
Young people make better masks for the community.. 
cnbc
I don't make any money from my charitable trust, you see, because it is a charitable trust.
Talk about a great actor. 
Did you ever see him do those one-armed push-ups on Carson? 
real deal
We did that four years ago. 
Caused a lot of people to leave the stock market. 
Not repeating that. 
Do people call you Mr. The Weggie or Just Wedgie? 
Anyway, i have to send you a carton of Q-tips b/c of how many times i have emphasized that. 
My dad lost his job to the Chinese so maybe Mr. 
Wedgie, you should focus. 
He ultimately ended up working for them. 
Address for Q-tips?
Chill man points out that no one in or outside the white house has been tougher than i am on China but i also loved when the kid yells Shane! Shane!  
At Alan Ladd so i answered your inanity.
Well you know i like this.. 
We want a portfolio approach where you buy and do homework.. 

I think Stash should get in touch with me here to find out more about it 