Last night POTUS said the tax information in the NYTimes report was bogus. Today he says it was illegally obtained was provided by sources with legal access to it, which is the standard.

Trump denies  NYTIMES report indicating he paid $750 in taxes when he took office.
WOW via @NYTimes 

Amy Coney Barrett Said SCOTUS Justices Shouldn’t Be Replaced by Political Opposites in 2016 (Video) #SmartNews  



'She lies about lying': Brianna Keilar fires back at Kayleigh McEnany

Ok, let’s get arena seating back. Gotta see Tyler Herro play pro with the Heat. Just saw a replay

CNN anchor Brianna Keilar pushes back against @Presssec’s over the top embrace of a FOXNEWS smear.

2 charged for handling of coronavirus outbreak at Massachusetts veterans home where nearly 80 people died - Chicago Tribune



The repeated reference to the "Playboy reporter" in the briefing was over the top. Cooper Hefner (Hugh's son)  weighs in.

Come to think of it “Ebola” kind of rolls off the tongue like a delicious Italian appetizer. But it’s not. It’s just not. 

More profiles in courage. Republicans Rebuke Trump on Threat to ‘Get Rid of Ballots’

Can’t wait to see Tua in a Miami game. Can’t. Wait.

2d infection more severe? Ok, why does this sound like the worst covid-19 news of the last several months? Note: the covid news of the last several months has been pretty bad.

The US is facing a dollar collapse by the end of 2021 and an over 50% chance of a double-dip recession, economist Stephen Roach says #SmartNews

Judicial Impartiality 

Not worth the paper its written on? The Trump administration has demonstrated how executive orders don’t carry the force of acts of Congress— by  throwing out a bunch of Obama’s executive orders. 


I'm days late re-tweeting this.  Worth a read..

so I was supposed to do a live hit for a CNN affiliate in Turkey (from the White House) about an hour ago-- but they canceled it because of an earthquake there. Hope everybody is ok.

A salute to RBG's writing.



“Trump’s state and national legal teams are already laying the groundwork for postelection maneuvers that would circumvent the results of the vote count in battleground states.”

The President was asked if he would commit to a peaceful transfer of power after the election and the first words ut of his mouth were “we’ll have to see what happens”.  And there has been no follow up questioning on that

I would imagine, Scott, that the  flu can get mixed up with the virus.  Trump to Scott Atlas in the briefing room.

Israel?s Benjamin Netanyahu brings loads of dirty laundry to be cleaned in Washington - The Washington Post 

National Catholic Prayer Breakfast award for Barr divides Catholics 

CJUS Roberts on RBG: Ruth used to ask what is the difference between a bookkeeper in Brooklyn and a Supreme Court Justice? The answer: one generation.

Trump news conference added to the schedule for 6pm today.
Bloomberg pays fines for 32,000 felons in Florida so they can vote

Cindy McCain comes out in support of Biden and Trump reacts

Can airport testing and Covid immunity passports unlock travel? 

Hmmm as a journalist it’s my observation that Michigan has been important for both parties over multiple presidential cycles.  Both parties. Nobody’s ignored Michigan

If any year would spawn a zombie tropical storm 2020 wold be the year.

Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to lie in state at Capitol

Lol Killers play Mr. Brightside” on NFL Halftime show
Interesting :https://t.co/gVDk1zW9eZ

Gardner locks himself in before there’s a formal nomination.

What on the world is great big heavy cart with tires doing parked right next to a field where a pro football game in progress? Looks dangerous