Jaylen Brown has been a steady, forceful voice for racial equality. After the Celtics’ elimination, Brown says: “It’s been an honor to play here and share light on some of those injustices. I appreciate to everyone who is out there listening and who want to make change.” 

Jimmy Butler, reflecting on this past year in his post game press conference, acknowledged he’s “not for everybody.” Still, he said he feels he belongs in Miami: “To be wanted,” he said. “That’s what anyone wants in the world — not just in basketball. So, I’m happy to be home.” 

After Bam Adebayo blamed himself for the Heat’s Game 5 loss, he had 32 points, 14 rebounds and 5 assists in Game 6.Heat coach Erik Spoelstra says Bam is one of the league’s “great competitors... He will become one of the great winners.” 

To make it to the Finals without a coronavirus outbreak — with the virus still surging across the United States —  is a remarkable accomplishment. It also underscores the importance of masks, regular testing and science.

The NBA Finals of an unprecedented season are set: The Miami Heat will take on the Los Angeles Lakers.

You’ve heard about Jimmy Butler's Big Face Coffee. But his monopoly on the hotel room caffeine fix is over.
Make room for Little Face Coffee. 
@espn feature on a brewing competition in the bubble: https://t.co/sFpzWHFaV9?amp=1


Malone, continued: “You tip your hat, give (the Lakers) credit and use this as motivation for next year, and not be satisfied with making the WCF, the goal is to still win a championship.” 

Michael Malone said his message to the Nuggets after the WCF loss: “Remember this feeling. I think all great teams and champions have to go through the pains of losing... I wouldn’t want to be with any other group.” 

Here are the NBA Finals schedule scenarios: If the Eastern Conference Finals goes to 7 games, the Finals will begin Friday Oct. 2. If it does not, the Finals will begin Wednesday Sept. 30. 

After dropping Game 5 to Boston, Bam Adebayo says: “I played like 
s—t. Bottom line. I put that game on me. Not my teammates’ fault. Not my coaches’ fault. Me.” 

Brown: “Until we dismantle, recreate or change this system that we have, it will continue to have victims like Breonna Taylor and others that fall victim to oppression.” 

Jaylen Brown, in part, on Breonna Taylor: “I wasn’t surprised by the verdict. This society — the way it was built — the intention was never to protect and serve people of color initially.“ 

Jaylen Brown’s shirt: “This is not a Black issue, this is a human issue.” 

A Kentucky grand jury’s decision in the fatal shooting of Breonna Taylor has reverberated around the NBA Bubble. “We have not gotten that justice. That's a shame.”

Erik Spoelstra on the grand jury’s  decision today in Breonna Taylor’s case: “It’s not justice.”
Nuggets coach Michael Malone on the Breonna Taylor decision made today: “It’s tragic. It also makes me think a lot closer to home in Elijah McClain... A lot of players on our team have spoken out for justice for Breonna Taylor and we have not gotten justice.”

Nuggets coach Michael Malone, after defeating the Lakers 114-106 to bring the series to 2-1: “For some reason we love this bubble. I can’t explain that.”

Speaking to reporters for the first time since the locker room argument, Marcus Smart says the time between Games 2 and 3 — when emotions were running high — was “electrifying.” Smart added teams shouldn’t be happy down 0-2 and Boston “grew up even more through that adversity.” 
