Trump denies he’s only paid hundreds of dollars in taxes as reported in NYT, going on to repeat his excuse for why he doesn’t release his tax returns to public:  “they’re under audit.” 


At campaign event in Atlanta, Trump supporters chanted "12 more years" as he mocked press coverage of his refusal to commit to a peaceful transfer of power.


Leaving for NC, Trump claimed he couldn't really hear booing at SCOTUS today: "I think that was just a political chant. We could hardly hear it from where we were..Somebody said there was some chanting. But they were right next to the media. But we could hardly hear too much." 


Trump on why mail-in ballots are ok in Florida last month: "So Florida's got a great Republican governor and it had a great Republican governor."  


Good to see @BrianKarem was able to keep his White House press pass and ask such an important question.


Fact check: that’s my friend @PeterAlexander 


Trump tells reporters he wants a replacement for RBG quickly as he believes 2020 election will end up going to SCOTUS: “Yes, I think it’s very important. I think this will end up in the Supreme Court and I think it’s very important that we have nine justices." 


On our story that Birx is so distressed she is unsure if she can stay on task force, WH spokesman Judd Deere: "President Trump relies on the advice and counsel of all of his top health officials every day and any suggestion that their role is being diminished is just false." 


According to people familiar with her thinking, Birx views Dr. Scott Atlas, a recent addition to the task force, as an unhealthy influence on President Donald Trump's thinking when it comes to the virus. 


“Don’t think of it as the warmest month of August in California in the last century,” he wrote. “Think of it as one of the coolest months of August in California in the next century.” 


Troye is disputing what Kellogg said at briefing. The General refused to take questions from reporters after he trashed Troye from the podium. 


Top contender for SCOTUS pick, Amy Coney Barrett was at WH today, we've confirmed. Trump is hinting at speedy timeline for SCOTUS pick, telling reporters at departure on South Lawn:  “I’d rather see it all take place before the election.” 


Manchin: “For the sake of the integrity of our courts and legal system, I do not believe the U.S. Senate should vote on a U.S. Supreme Court nominee before the November 3rd election." 


Biden really driving for some middle class voters in this speech: "About time a state school president sits in the Oval Office." Biden on Trump as US reaches 200,000 deaths from COVID-19: "Trump panicked. The virus is too big for him… he just wasn't up to it. He froze."