Today we dropped our first podcast, check it out for free here or wherever you get your podcasts. And please let me know what you think!

My first podcast, very exciting! @GGreenwald sat down with me to discuss the election, the state of the media, &amp; the revolt v. Joe Rogan at Spotify. He’s fascinating, check it out here: https://t.co/GBmznCtMpp

My 9-year-old daughter Yardley was the last person to use my shower before me. Look what appeared on the glass door as it steamed up. 💕

This is such a great follow. ⬇️ https://t.co/yrvwlHSo7g
@DougBrunt is not an unbiased reviewer but check it out anyway! Go to Apple podcasts (or wherever you get your podcasts) & download The Megyn Kelly Show. Also follow us on Twitter: @MegynKellyShow 

The Q is tax evasion (illegal) v tax avoidance (legal - most people try it) in the NYT Trump taxes story. But Trump is not the only rich presidential candidate trying to dodge as many taxes as possible. 

Thunder = happiness &amp; calm. 

People can see the emptiness of these racist attacks on @DanielCameronAG and know he followed the law. As he put it earlier this week, “in a world that is forcing many of us to pick a side, I choose the side of justice. I choose the side of truth.” Same. 

Guys, they’re going to attack her decision to adopt two children. Her mothering. And her/her children’s race. Say a prayer for Amy Coney Barrett and her family tonight, and for the lost souls who think this is ok.  

So we’re all ok with open, bigoted attacks on Catholics now? Just trying to keep up. 

Hey @NYGovCuomo - @JaniceDean is not giving up. She and the other grieving families deserve answers. Great job JD! 

An honest, unbiased & spot-on (as usual) legal take from @AndrewCMcCarthy on the Breonna Taylor case. 

Harry &amp; M, in an undisguised attempt to gain pity” opted “to portray the Prince..as a victim of oppression...The entire British state had conspired to ensure that Harry-for no reason other than..being a Prince-had never enjoyed the right of the common man” 

Open the schools 

Starting next week... 

Two Louisville PD officers shot last night (non-life threatening injuries)... two cops seen on camera being shot in execution attempt in Compton, & look at this video from Seattle. Disgusting, stomach-turning terrorism. 

This was done beautifully, heart-breakingly and with class. Praying for you Dan. 

The Get Out the Vote effort for Trump continues! They’re doing an amazing job! (Ps - watch this video. Just watch it.) 

This (and Bork) was the beginning of it all. It’s the heart of the “you reap what you sow” argument against the Dems. They broke the norms first. 