More horrific wildfires in California. My thoughts are with those evacuating and the brave women and men fighting to keep people and property safe. We cannot afford to ignore the climate crisis. 

“Oh, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practise to deceive!”
I can see the allure for Donald Trump of living in a rent free house. But I’m not sure what his landlords think of the arrangement. We will know soon enough.

A Potemkin President.
It appears that the real definition of “hoax” is the “business mogul” America saw on The Apprentice.
Bombshell.

Any time a great American city breaks ground on a big new park is a day to celebrate. It’s a vote of confidence in the future. #WhatUnitesUs 

If you haven’t seen this, there is a reason why this is getting a lot of attention. 

You don’t suddenly become a normal president just because you make a Supreme Court nomination. So many actions by Trump are marinated in the lies, corruption, and incitement of hatred that define his administration. And this must be a feature of news coverage on days like today. 

I sense a heckuva lot of people are pretty darned committed to voting. #WhatUnitesUs
I humbly submit this for any who wish to read more about what I have to say. My conversation with @rhdagostino.

Donald Trump has a long history of throwing his name on things others have built. It looks like he’s trying to do that now to Obamacare.
Donald Trump’s health care “plan” has less meat than a vegan thanksgiving.
Donald Trump doesn’t seem to understand that the purpose of a coronavirus vaccine is not to inoculate the electorate from his unfitness for office. It’s about the health and safety of the American people, something he is supposed to protect and defend.

#KnowTheVote 

Inspiring. 

Harold Evans was a superb journalist and editor . He consistently inspired many of us to try for and maintain high standards. He will be missed. 

This strikes me as puzzling and troubling. 

He is not joking. He doesn’t joke. And those who say he is joking know this very well.
This is where we are. Will any Republican stand up? 

When you govern based on facts and science. 

A tough, fair interview. A master class in how to ask questions and demand answers. 

Important context from @ezraklein. 

Indeed.

200,000. Already the number goes higher. Imagine the empty seats at Thanksgiving dinners. The missed graduations and basketball games. The grandchildren never met. The parent not at a child's weddings. So much loss. So much sadness. So much of it unnecessary. I weep, and I pray. 

I think most Americans know when they are being mugged of their democracy.
If presidential debates don't put the climate crises front and center, they will ignore one of the gravest threats to the health and security of the United States. If I were Joe Biden, I'd make a point of saying this. It’s right on the policy, and I suspect right on the politics. 

Don’t throw away your shot, to have your voice heard on Election Day. 

What was it again about that swamp being “drained?” 

In my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I want to hear your thoughts. What does Ruth Bader Ginsburg's legacy mean to you? What would you like to see happen to her seat on the Supreme Court? Dial 844-305-2639 at 10:15am ET and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica 

Dear PENNSYLVANIA voters,
VOTING “NAKED” is no laughing matter. It might be the difference in the election. Please read and share this information. #KnowTheVote 


Few things are more inspiring and hopeful than the energy and determination of student journalists. The country needs you and we are indebted to you. 