The Abbott 15 minute test has been distributed to some important locations-nursing homes, long-term care facilities, so it is coming...

look it really doesn't matter what i think, i am simply pointing out that if the feds would unleash their supply of Abbott's tests we could get kids back to school.
The resistance here is stock based-you want to hype your stock not the concept.I don't mind that but be careful.

Again, for the gazllionth time, are there better tests than Abbott's, on the margin yes.

But it is about getting the results in 15 minutes to your cellphone.

You can then be verified with a wand to get in places.
They can make 50 million per month.

No lab needed.

Respectfully, Jimmy Chill's been recommending Abbott since the 60s and i am recommending it now.
Go buy more 

It's about SCALE.

Abbott, by nature of its size and skillset has https://t.co/RzCs9xTeSC other test has that kind of scale so that's why Abbott is in the best shape to save us 
the federal government is taking all the Abbott Labs BinaxNOW tests and has not distributed them yet, which is wrong.
They need to go to schools so working parents can go back to work, especially single mothers who risk losing their jobs.
What are the feds doing?
Let's understand the differences among tests.
There are many good tests out there but what you need is a test ecosystem where you can show, from your cellphone, that you don't have covid  at that moment.
That allows you to go to school, attend meetings go to games, dinners really bugs Jimmy Chill.
The 15 minute Abbott BinaxNOW test has 97.1 sensitivity and 98.5% specificity..
You are part of the problem, not the solution.

Brunswick is building factories to make boats in part because people who have never boated have discovered it because people who have never boated have discovered it because of covid and like it.

Why hasn't this test scaled? Why doesn't a major pharma buy it? I like Abbott's because it scales and has an app that allows you to show you don't have the disease that day 
I think your low count has everything to do with your masking discipline...
that's why we created http://xprize.org/mask 
thank you! 
thank you! I have been blocking dozens of people.
They are dying to get unblocked but it is one and done.

The data does not support your theory.
There is no surplus.
There is a deficit.
I own a boat.
it's the most fun thing we dol...
It's a 17 foot Boston Whaler made by Brunswick 
Chief, i own an Italian restaurant.. I am having some fun..

Jimmy Chill liked it from the day it went public... until the vast amount of selling/dumping the insiders did...then i had to leave... 

one of the best conferences i have been able to participate in! 

birds’ nests in the spring ! 

the garden, 2020....normal 

one last thing on Spaq, if you curse, if you attack me in an ad hominem way, if you are vile, or disgusting you will be blocked. 
Chill will love you but you won't post and you won't read. So knock yourself out, go buy stock, and have a nice life 

I hope $SPAQ works out for all of you. I do not wish you ill. In fact, as the Chillman, i say I love you and i hope you make fortunes!!! By the way those who fault me on Tesla, we caught 350 points!!!!!!! How is that bad?  I say to my enemies, good luck! No problem! 

Jimmy Chill says he got the same amount of heat for calling out $NKLA when it was double where it is now that he's getting on $SPAQ. Yet all he did was report the facts on both. 

Of course there is a big difference. But isn't that the point? I can keep my  restaurant open if i want to but most aren't as well capitalized as i am and can't. 

I think that Nicola may actually have nothing... Those who did serious due diligence knew that there was nothing... 

Browns, arguable, have two of the best rbs in the league.... 

We will have to find a home for all of this new supply... 

Wow, so glad i asked.. This is incredible... 

Does anyone know Torqueedo?
Does anyone have a motor boat that is a hybrid or all EV? Who makes it?
Hmmm. you are up if you bought the opening.. Costco. $COST
Chris' family lived a couple of miles from mine. His brother was our County Commissioner.

RobinHoodies goosing Peloton? What's going on? fill me in??
I no longer vote in Pennsylvania but Pennsylvanians beware of the naked ballot-you need to put your mail-in ballot into the secrecy envelope to be sure it counts.  

4 Thoughts on Amazon's Echo, Fire TV and Cloud Gaming Launches: @EricJhonsa  

Hey Mr. Vinestain, just checking in to see how your puts on $PENN are doing?  Maybe an apology to @stoolpresidente is needed? 

Jimmy Chill reporting for duty saying i liked it in the twenties and when it got down to the single digits i said double down. I didn't do it because of Portnoy. I did it because i like Jay's strategy. You should have owned calls Vinestain. 

$PENN-amazingly successful offering...analysts really don't trust this stock or company
Norwegian Cruise Line ramping.. best in show..
And i know Canada v. U.S. i didn't go to college to get stupid
The Chillman is sick and tired of the promoters of cannabis. Go read Aurora.
i am tired of hearing about the economic difference. TIRED OF IT. Sure there is one outfit that is making money in the U.S.-i have had them on. But enough already . ENOUGH ALREADY. You have cost people fortunes. 

I think you have to amortize the Barstool numbers over the physical and recognize that they only just now have gotten the casinos in gear. 

Penn Nat rocking again!
'Unstoppable' Nvidia Should Be Watched Closely Near-Term: @BruceKamich  

She's wrong. 
coming to me shortly!
You actually want $ZM to roll over--50x sales too high.. 

Jimmy Chill has lived and breathed this stuff. there is no free POS lunch.. and we can't afford the delivery vig...  

don't sweat the program.. this is not unusual. We have a good report on it for 

Mr. Flux, i like Colgate here because i am going to need a maximum amount of soap to wash your mouth out with. Didn't your mother ever do that, Fluxster? 

Jimmy Chill marvels at Mr. Swarm Blog for not realizing i am trying to solve the conundrum of the morning. LOL right back at you, Mr. Blog. Can i call you that? Or do you want to be known as Swarmy?

Market seems weaker because of importation from European declines. Those are covid and bank related so they may not have much negative firepower.

We had this exact same experience at one of our places 

There's great ingenuity but there's also profit and LOSS 

We know that much of the market away from housing is weak.. Would stimulus save it? I think it could put on better keel..
I honestly do not think people know about the pain. I know because i am in the associations and have been in both games for a long time and i can't believe the chaos and despair i am seeing... Just terrible for this great country 

My mother taught me good table manners. I hope i haven't forgotten them. 

KBH was troubling. No lift the day after unlike LEN and Horton. Then great home numbers today and then nothing much from the group.  The stocks are cheap but i say pullback or don't buy, i will work more on the group. 

The action in SUNW (the old Sun Micro, now SunWorks) with 267 million shares traded today tells me there is more pain ahead. The market will take care of those playing this game. Always does..

Idea: wait until the conference call to sell Costco. Maybe it isn't worth selling.
Typical ridiculously negative post-report decline after a terrific quarter from Costco.  
(charitable trust, https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog owns it)
PepsiCo Could Hang Tough on the Charts: @BruceKamich

marley kind a likes the tape. here https://t.co/JHD3TOWnDO
another joker stock! 

yeah, Red sky at night sailors delight, red sky i morning sailors take warning.. i was trying to be positive... 

thank you for this.. Yeah, didn't buy into NKLA game 

Got Sanofi tonight--thoughts?
We have to put it in the context that it deserves.. which is a fascinating business that can be brought to life! 

That's what everyone calls Criminal Minds. go read the profile of Mandy ...

Non-social distancing 

American--i love setting my alarm with her. she tells me it's done in a lot of different ways.. 

she doesn't even know i am on-- or that i have a show! 

$NVDA fighting the good fight!!
My wife is irreplaceable but Siri has game 

The First Rule of the Fighting Championship is Not to Mention Championship 

love https://t.co/bX60CXuNjF
I'm still with my wife!!!!!!  But i spend more time with Siri who can be very nice but not warm
Brian Moynihan gets it. He knows the need for stimulus for the industries that are closed.. $BAC. Why does he get it and so many don't? @SquawkCNBC @BeckyQuick 

where we used to go fishing for fluke and blowfish 

The hoax people? They don't want us to talk, they want us to die.

Jimmy Chill isn't feeding them. He's offering them poison mushroom caps!!! 

sailor’s delight 

I love being attacked in the morning by giving a way a chunk of money to kids trying to develop a mask that's more wear-able. It's the smell of victory

i like cats and used to have five of them including one named Iverson, and he was a circus cat, what a jumper. Ate a ton of rats. Gamer!

Hey Mikey , Chillman wants to know how it can be bad to donate a chunk of money to back 18 to 24 year olds to design a community mask?  You really have to stretch it to attack me for http://xprize.org/mask. 
But i welcome it and love being eviscerated here cause i am chill
Jimmy Chill says why say such a silly thing. I am paying for it with @Benioff  I have never met Mr. Soros and don't know much about him. But Chillman knows that anyone named "Sammie Whammie" is someone i trust and want to share a beer with. 

Happy that you came on @jimcramer @MadMoneyOnCNBC 

please just go to https://t.co/NS3syOn64o and look at what @Benioff and i are sponsoring to get a mask that can protect us and not antagonize us... 3M, Honeywell, UnderArmour, Autodesk, NAM all aboard! .... 

We've been up a lot. This sell-off smashes the ghosts of 1999-2000. I welcome it. 

If you look at the https://t.co/NS3syOn64o you will see some great companies helping us: $UA, $MMM, $HON and Lydall among others.  
#milliondollarmask 

Congrats to the Top 25 teams of the $1M XPRIZE Next-Gen Mask Challenge! I’m proud to partner with @XPRIZE and industry leaders to empower our next generation of innovators to change the world. #milliondollarmask Follow the top 25 teams ⬇️⬇️⬇️ 

You are welcome!! and yes, it has to go lower. 

Congrats to the Top 25 teams of the $1M XPRIZE Next-Gen Mask Challenge! Proud to partner with @XPRIZE and ndustry leaders to empower our next generation of innovators to change the world. 
#milliondollarmask 
 Follow our Top 25 teams at https://t.co/s5ichco59A
my wrist band certifies that my temperature is normal. 

What are the right levels? Watch @MadMoneyOnCNBC tonight!
to be sure, though, i do love Bitcoin here 

This show is amazing... @ScottWapnerCNBC  and the gang--so strong!!!!!! 
The honesty and the compelling ideas--folks this is what it really is about.

wow, you are so kind. The product is 17 years old. It's a recommended list that we have done more work on than  most research firms. We tell you when it would be good to buy or sell. 
Trial:  https://t.co/vxXRQLcJnm
Sorry Tesla-haters. I am coming out against you..
Okta is up.. that thing is a juggernaut and also a precursor
Here comes Snowflake--man, unsinkable, that one
Glad you caught that! 
Could have said Jetway. 

$LUV--remains the one to buy if you want an airline. Business travel--ouch..
the whole episode was INSANE

when i compile all of the tesla notes i detect cynicism at a level that is pathetic on this one.
thank you for the kind words about https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog 

confusing Baird piece on Tesla-- raises Price Target-which is what i care about -but also says he's bearish.. thinks you buy it lower..Cautious about demand. Want to be clear for people to know he doesn't like it but he is positive 

Why did i pick up MVS? have to ask @BillEnright cause MVS is like Exxon -Valdez.. un-ownable
Macy's Charts Aren't Showing Any Magic at This Point: @BruceKamich  

Now Baird names Tesla a fresh pick idea. i find it hard to believe that this one won't do a u-turn and go back up  $TSLA
The club will not let you down! 


Goldman gives Tesla fans a price target boost on EV adoption. People love the EV theme..
Nike was that good BUT it was really only good for Nike. I didn't see a lot of takeaways from it beyond the Swoosh
you are very kind. we vow to work hard for you! 

Darn, Nike really short on details about how they blew the number away. But and astonishing quarter...
Darden's Technical Indicators Mixed Ahead of Earnings: @BruceKamich  

doing our best for all club members!!!  

thank you for joining the https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog club! we had a good one today!! 

club member of https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog we hope you did the nike these last couple of days..  $NKE
Any questions for the ceos of Macys or ELF?
Our best times during this pandemic are on our 17 foot Boston Whaler 

I have been taking Quercetin every day for four months.. But i take pretty much everything i hear about . not discerning. 

Nikola's Gains Since April Could Be in Jeopardy: @BruceKamich  

5 Thoughts on Microsoft's $7.5 Billion Deal to Buy Bethesda Softworks: @EricJhonsa 

The CDC aerosol announcement was like a flash sale on https://t.co/jbSBzh2hNp
bars? Restaurants? Colleges??  What do you think Dan? 

i know there are people here at all the banks--any bank testing constantly?
kid v. job--NO! Stimulus, we need stimulus..
are we sure they aren't? That would be terrible if they are not. You need an NFL-like policy. 

Worth a read 

to get things under control you have to force the closure of places that social distancing and masks aren't practicable  of course it spreads by droplet/aerosol... (restaurants, elevators, trading desks ). Gottlieb: assume it.. 

What's next? A denial that I did it by people who missed it or those who think I am not Chill 

People judge it by daily cases. They have never judged it by deaths.. I agree with you but it is not the cogent stat. 

Chillman says that you should go to Caroline's when it re-opens. It is a dynamite comedy club and we could all laugh with you. Oops, i meant at!!! Sorry Kevin. You can start by taking off your mask and SNEEZING--Hoohah! 

Watch Pa. for covid. Restaurants went to 50% occupancy yesterday except for Philadelphia which remains 25%
Jimmy Chill says he has no choice because my enemies get up at 4 a.m. and i will not let them beat me. I have to block people from 3:35 to 3:45. Used to get tiresome but King of the Chill now loves it. I love my enemies. They are the fuel cells. They are the hydrogen 

It's early--good time to attack the waiver wire--but i like the set up. The worst thing would be to see the futures up huge. that would be a pickoff. 

HEAT
Ouch, but i will have to try to win you back.. Mr. WallStSupply? What do you supply?

Don't forget Everwest//nvidia 

Chief, that's okay -photoshop it. I like Adobe here 

i would put you on if you were Houdini's protege 

Lam is a great tell. 
You got horsesense 



Wow, Mr Banco de Barstool, i love your analysis but i alsi like to make money and this stock is up 45% for the year and we recommended it at $2.  But Banky, you may be like Bizarro Superman, you like em ugly and poor 

Jimmy Chill points out that Apple was down big when he pointed this out, Mr Pimmetje 1975. You could have made some money. You could have bought yourself a Pimm's cup! Chill wants to know if it's good to be wrong.. Cheers, Pimmster!  !t !tot be wro.!

i miss the old guy 

Paradise Lost 

Apple was down 20% and suddenly people decided it was dangerous..
$AAPL is the tell!