Trump supporters don't believe the info about Trump's tax cheating is important, even if true. Assure them that it is true and it matters a great deal. He's a HUGE national security risk. 

RATCHED, Episode 1: Every mental institution (at least in films) should have its own crematorium, don't you gree? Also, every nurse should wear bright red lipstick and three-quarter heels. So comfy for those long shifts! 

The Thing of Evil fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.
(Tower illustration by tattooist Robert Ryan) 

Molly is improving. She really was quite ill. Got a couple of shots and took a bunch of probiotics. I don't exactly know what those are, but I guess they're good. 

I have to get my Al Green on today. Some Jackie Wilson. Otis Redding. Rufus Thomas. And "The Dark End of the Street." James Carr, I think. Oh, and George McCrae--"Rock Your Baby." 

Molly, aka the Thing of Evil, as a youngster (picture stored in 2016, actually taken in 2014). Look at that face--evil from the beginning. 

It's funny what Mom-isms stick with you. Mine used to say, "Eat your crusts, Stephen--they polish your teeth." Then there was, "Don't wear rubber boots in the house, they'll draw the blood to your feet and give you a headache."

Trump supporters don't wear masks because it's their way of saying "I'm with stupid."


Let's celebrate this guy's birthday.
Me: Want to hear a limerick I made up?
Twitter: No.
Me: Okay, here is is:
There was a young man from Heath,
So proud of his new Christmas wreath,
He hung it up in July
And when I asked him why,
He said, "None of your fucking business."
Good, huh?

Lindsey Graham is your basic lyin‘ hypocritical peckerwood.
According to AP, the American death toll from COVID-19 is equal to the number killed on 9/11...FOR 67 STRAIGHT DAYS.
He’s also delivered 8100 dead of COVID-19 to Pennsylvania. His watch, his responsibility. 

Everyone has their own relentless earworm. Mine is "Disco Duck," by Rick Dees.
Hey hey, ho ho,
Donald Trump has got to go.
Remind Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity, and all the other well-fed white men and women at Faux News: 200,000.
200,000 dead from COVID-19. At least 145,000 of those deaths could have been prevented if President Trump had taken decisive action. He did not, and because he did not, he does not deserve a second term. 

He’s also delivered 4600 COVID-19 dead to grieving Ohio families. https://t.co/5QSzyhnC7R

I'm very excited that Peacock is doing the first 3 seasons of MR. MERCEDES. I love this one, and am glad I can share it with a wider audience! 

I'm sure Trump sent me a card, but with the mail service so fucked up I didn't get it yet. Maybe he slipped a $10 in there, y'think?
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes, Twitter.