ooo good point
When I see someone being interviewed after standing in line to vote for six hours I'm really proud of that person! 
I'm also furious that they had to do that. 
It shouldn't take superhuman patience and physical endurance to vote, this isn't an Ironman triathlon. 
It's ridiculous.
These are people who want to vote. Who get up at 6 in the morning to vote. 
Who rearrange their entire day so that they are able to vote. 
And these long lines, that we see even now with early voting, prevent people from doing so. 
It shouldn't be this hard, but it is for a reason.
We, understandably, praise those who stand in line for hours to vote, but all I think of when I see these long lines are the people who needed to get out of line to pick up their kids, get to work on time, attend their doctor's appointment. 
It's an enormous institutional failure.
wow you gotta fight if someone does this to you 
Honestly that second part might be the most impressive thing of all
t’s incredible that LeBron was the most hyped high school basketball player of all time and has gone on to have a career that has *far exceeded* every expectation.
LeBron James is 35. Unbelievable.
BARELY
DANNY COULD HAVE BEEN A LEGEND
Yikes
became a superstar for real
So much respect for Jimmy Butler man
I was lucky enough to read this manuscript and y’all it is so good please press the pre-order button ASAP.
Come join me @kaysarahsera @mojgani and @NifMuhammad for our 5th annual poetry gig together on October 27th. 
All donations from the event go to these three organizations doing really important work across the country. 
Register at the link below. It should be a lot of fun.
thanks, Sarah!
Thanks for your important work on this
Please watch this.
Nothing else is relevant if we don’t solve climate change.
Shout out to that fly. 
The hero we all needed.
This is like when my toddler has spilled spaghetti sauce all over the floor and when I ask what happened he looks around and says “what spaghetti sauce? this is a beautiful painting!”
GO JONNY GO
this is fantastic, kyle. thanks so much for writing it
Still can't believe LeBron and Anthony Davis are on the same team.
Millions of people have lost their jobs. 
Millions of people have lost their insurance. Millions of people are trying to do the best they can to keep people their families and communities safe, secure, and stable amid a series of devastating and cascading crises. 
It's all so much.
Sometimes the reality of these things can get lost in the context of electoral politics, especially this close to an election but folks across this country are really really struggling. 
Being forced to make impossible choices about how to conserve whatever money they have left.
It can't be said enough: so many ppl don't have enough money to pay rent, to pay for food, to pay for medicine, to pay for clothes for their kids, to pay the bills for their family. 
The list goes on. 
The failure to provide money for people when they are most in need is abhorrent.
deleted the last post because it's not worth giving attention to
Such a great list
amazing! and so well deserved for everything you've given us
congrats, tressie!
 well played
every time I tweet about french fries they are all I see for days
Ozil lol
VIERA 2.0 BABYYY
I’m very excited about it
unlikely but same
*sobs with indescribable joy* 
IT’S PARTEY TIMEEEEEE
this is fantastic
Amid all of this there are still people being evicted from their homes, people rationing food so there's enough to eat, people choosing which bills they can pay and which they can't, people with no health insurance because they lost their job.
It's infuriating.
It's unacceptable.
Imagine being the family member of a secret service agent and watching that.
This Premier League season is going to be wild and I am here for it.
thanks so much for reading, Soledad
This is the stuff I love to see @Arsenal
thanks fam.
this was very helpful
I can imagine!
Alright, after three months we’ve finally finished all six seasons of The Sopranos.
Please send me the best thing you’ve read to help me make sense of that final episode...
I’m so sorry
thank you for sharing
Thinking about all those who have been turned away from the hospital and told to go home.
Who have been forced to decide between their job and their health.
Who were as careful as they could be.
Who have gotten exposed to this virus because of other people’s callous indifference.
Chris i wish they tasted good unfortunately they taste like cat poop
I would like to make an amendment to a previous declaration I’ve made, I once said sweet potatoes and all things made from them were gross.
But I just had some sweet potatoes noodles for the first time and they were kind of incredible.
With the beef teriyaki?! *chef’s kiss*
👀
thank you for sharing with your students!
congrats, Roberto!
I really wanted to see him lay for Nigeria.
Not too late though, just depends on if he gets on the field
“The subtle and deadly change of heart that might occur in you would be involved with the realization that a civilization is not destroyed by wicked people; 
it is not necessary that people be wicked but only that they be spineless.” - James Baldwin
Looking forward to this LINK 
“The World Bank predicts the number of people living in extreme poverty will rise by anywhere from 70 million to 100 million this year, and may stay that way for several years as the coronavirus-related slowdown in economic growth is expected to linger”
I just want better for us than this.
they should revisit this
Genuine question, can’t they just cut off the other person’s mic when the other is giving their two minutes?
This man literally told white supremacists to “stand by.”
So many people have died.
Always remember they didn’t have to.
This is bananas
What a legend LINK 
Best biography I’ve ever read.
This is an important story.
you already know
When I’m flipping through old books I can always tell which ones I read in college because they’re stained with the grease of many late night cheese quesadillas.
But we’re on the right track.
Trust the process.
I mean, at the end of the day Liverpool is just better than us.
Lacazette wyd man
I hope we sign Aouar soon.
That’s an incredible tweet lol
booooooo
i hate this peacock delay
ugh
I’LL TAKE THAT YES I WILL
It's not too late to sign up: LINK 
Please fill out the census.
I hate Manchester United but I love Marcus Rashford.
I wrote about how, despite what the president wants you think, teaching students about the history of slavery is one of the most patriotic things you can do.
Will always be grateful to @nhannahjones for including me in the 1619 project.
Grateful as well to the teachers who use it in their classrooms.
I'm thinking of all the ppl who knew Breonna Taylor before she became hashtag.
The people who raised her, the people who held her, the people who laughed with her, the people who cried with her, the people who dreamed with her.
They didn't deserve this.
She didn't deserve this.
It’s rooted in a uniquely American youth sports industry built around economic and social capital.
The industry fuels a sprawling soccer network that excludes minorities and perpetuates the power of those white men in charge. 
This is a book you want to order ASAP.
It's so funny when your kids become old enough to try &amp; manipulate you.
3 yr old furrowed his brow &amp; said "Daddy, you're a great person, a great person, which is why you should get me pizza, you're such a great person.
So great."
We did not order pizza, but I respect the effort.
Can’t wait to read this.
They'll always show you who they really are.
Just did a zoom writing workshop w/some 9th grade students from North Carolina &amp; even in the midst of a global pandemic I remain astounded at young ppl's capacity for empathy & vulnerability.
Their lives have been turned upside down, but they remain so generous with one another.

