
Go Jaden! Don’t stop!
Trump in Rose Garden sounded uncertain about the future of his admin, but still clinging to false hope he could somehow win an election he lost: 
"Whatever happens in the future, who knows which administration it will be. 
I guess time will tell."
Trump claimed 306 electoral votes amounted to a "massive landslide" in 2016. 
CNN: 
Biden wins Georgia and Trump wins North Carolina. 
That projection gives Biden 306 electoral votes, same total Trump won in 2016.
WH says Trump will speak publicly at 4p in the Rose Garden. 
Topic will be COVID vaccine, WH says.
Update: 
Fauci says he will not be at WH for vaccine meeting with Trump today. 
He attended a virtual meeting on the vaccine this morning.
Totally bonkers.
CISA’s Krebs is telling people he doesn’t care if he is fired, I’m told, as he debunks Trump world claims. 
Senior admin official defended DHS statement on secure 2020 election adding “CISA sees its first principle as protecting democratic processes, not protecting an individual.”
DHS on 2020 election: 
“There is no evidence that any voting system deleted or lost votes, changed votes, or was in any way compromised.”
h/t to @maggieNYT who had this first.
Corey Lewandowski has tested positive for covid, he confirms. 
He says he feels fine and will be staying home.
We are through the looking glass here.
CNN: So far today, there have been at least 140,543 daily new coronavirus cases in the United States, per Johns Hopkins University data. 
This is the highest single day reporting since the pandemic began.
“A GoFundMe page created under Hopkins’s name had raised more than $136,000 by Tuesday evening, with donors praising him as a patriot and whistleblower. 
The fundraising page was removed by GoFundMe after this story was published Tuesday...”
Is this 2020 or 1984?
French President Emmanuel Macron called President-elect Biden today to congratulate him and Kamala Harris on their election, the Elysee Palace told CNN.
Biden now speaking by phone with US allies whose leaders see the former VP as the president-elect.

The president’s eldest son and his girlfriend have made it clear to campaign and WH officials they are unhappy with RNC chair Ronna McDaniel, who they view as not having done enough to win a close race.
“Don Junior and Kimberly have an eye on the RNC, through themselves taking over or somebody close to them taking over,” a well-placed Republican party source close to the WH said.
Three GOP sources, including close advisers to the president, say Donald Trump Junior and Kimberly Guilfoyle are making moves to expand their influence at the RNC, with sources saying they may seek to take over the party structure themselves.
Last week we reported Trump has spoken with aides about a comeback run in 2024
Reupping this from late last week. 
Adviser tonight says he sees a “path to losing.” 
Trump was more likely to have taken such a move had he beaten Joe Biden, I’m told. 
Wray was one of a number of top administration officials whose firings were discussed, the source said.
A source close to the president tells CNN Trump and his top aides did have discussions about firing the FBI director Christopher Wray that occurred prior to the election. 
The conversations about firing Wray appeared to hinge on Trump winning the election, I am told.
McConnell says Trump is “100 percent within his rights” to weigh his legal options.
Former SecDef Esper says he wasn't into the "dear leader" stuff when he was in charge at Pentagon, telling Military Times: 
"Have you seen me on a stage saying, ‘Under the exceptional leadership of blah-blah-blah, we have blah-blah-blah-blah?’"
Re-upping from last Friday.
Trump has fired the Secretary of Defense.
President-elect Biden on COVID: 
"I implore you... wear a mask... 
A mask is not a political statement."
