I laughed out loud this is great
Will check it out. 
Thanks!
and I mean who among us would not love to discover the next Pachycephalosaurus but I also have to convey to him that we should not begin extensive excavation projects in our neighbor’s front yard
Something I find very cool is how paleontologists are literally discovering new dinosaurs all the time, a fact that has instilled in my 3yo the sense that at any moment he’ll discover a new dinosaur fossil which is delightful but also significantly slows down any walk to the park
Trying not to step on the loud part of the floor at night so my kids don't wake up 
thanks!
Thanks so much to everyone who has pre-ordered the book so far and special thanks to folks who have ordered from Black owned independent bookstores. 
Let’s keep supporting them.
Shout out to generous parental leave policies.
very much looking forward to this
look at that pace!
😂
12-year-old Clint could have never imagined seeing this many Black players on the US National team. 
Amazing to see.
Ever
Sergiño Dest is very good.
Excited to finally see these kids plays together. 
Good thread on the Harvard affirmative action case. 
great news!
wait wait wait this song is sung by a white woman?!?! 
wow im shook
I think often of Baldwin’s 1963 essay “A Talk To Teachers” where he says teachers must help Black children understand that *they* are not criminal, but that the *society* that created the conditions they were born into is the criminal. 
It’s the same today.
starting this today!
it’s really great. 
thanks for writing it!
Just finished LEAVE THE WORLD BEHIND by @Rumaan. 
A beautifully written and utterly fascinating novel that rejects any easy categorization. 
It's sort of a thriller, but it's also a really compelling meditation on how humans behave when we realize we're not in control. 
Great book.
I still believe in his long term project yea
Well when you put it that way...
thanks for having me!
they’re completely shameless 
Congrats to the legend!
of course!
Consider making a donation to your local food bank if you're able. 
Millions of people and families need our help right now. 
Share where you donated in the link below. 
Six percent of the *entire* prison has died from covid. 
Just devastating.
