I like EV now hydrogen later

I am never without my mask except when i am on air and when i am at home.  
Here's something you might be so happy with: I have not hugged my daughter in six months. 
Chill says Woke Zombie wants me to be a hypocrite but no luck. 
I am very sorry
Chill says he doesn't expect an executive order for masks, expect 100,000 more people to die, expects that some people will say it's only the old and obese and that the Hunger Games should be an appropriate game plan... 
I find the resistance to masks fascinating... 
i do wonder if the president had said they were helpful it would have mattered
straw man, plus this president is not in favor of masks or doesn't believe in them or you wouldn't have had such an epidemic in the white house.. 
We just need to get to when we can get the vaccine without being sick..
the future 
The power of the obvious is the hallmark of this market.. rather amazing...
Dow implied up 500 means that CAT, HON, BA are the leaders...
$CVS on a breakout as it is the point of contact for the vaccines
If you like airlines you should be buying Boeing. 
With this buyer- of- the-obvious when Boeing gets approved for the new Max the stock will rally 10%... 
Those who favor a Hunger Games like non-mask, non-physical distancing view, this one is for you.
This market loves the obvious.. 
Did anyone think after last week's prelim that Moderna would be anything  less.
Do it for the health care workers
Watch the buying every morning, It is so powerful that the sellers, say, of Norwegian or Carnival should should lift. 
Don't you see the buyers will pay any price? 
How can you be so obtuse, sellers.
The relentless nature of the buying of the cruise lines, shopping malls and airlines is so overwhelming that, inevitably, the sellers will step away. 
They should. 
They are such terrible traders not to walk away and get higher prices.
Not a fan of Mckesson, Cardinal or Amerisource. 
No demonstrable benefit to the system. 
But McKesson will go higher here.
I think the goal of some people here is to make me give up and stop my https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN competition. 
The people who know me are having a good laugh because they know i value tenacity. 
loyalty rigor and perseverance above all. 
They will all give up by the time i am done
The mask competition https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN is about finding a mask that makes people comfortable and more willing to wear. 
This has nothing whatsoever to do with President Trump who, i am sure, would actually agree with these efforts if you asked him. 
It is of no significance
Wear masks and physically distant if only for the health care workers who are overwhelmed. 
We need to slow it down so they don't all wither away. 
Do it for them.
Thank you for your gracious comments. 
My sole thought was to find a mask that could help get others to show less disdain for them. 
How that became political is truly a shame. 
My goal is to keep a lockdown from happening via commonsense methods. 
The lockdown is not my desire
Was that the way it was in WWI or WWII? 
You are confusing a republic with the notion of states rights versus federal powers. 
This stuff is civics. 
Stay focused.
People need to know that the laissez faire, state by state policies allowed us to have horrendous case loads, high death count and the beginning of a new, more powerful PRC era, which is just what those of us who supported the China policies didn't want
Stocks are about the virus. 
Stick to facts... 
Frankly we aren't in it together. 
That's the whole point. 
I don't want a lockdown. 
The scientific evidence for masks is overwhelming and i think that your attempt to push Bioreference labs at the same time conflates dollars with lives and it is sad.
I am so sorry that you have it. 
My daughter and my closest employee of 32 years would certainly agree. 
Not a single one of the truly heinous people who want a Hunger Games like culling has the guts to give me their real names and where they work. 
None... Always easy when you hide, isn't it?
Others not worth retweeting: no plan for tobacco deaths.. 
I have a plan. Ban tobacco. 
No plan for famine deaths. 
I have a plan overturn despots who let their own people die which is typically the cause. 
Another says fat people deserve to die. Pro-homicide. 
ill-advised stance
Much obliged. 
Someone here who i will not retweet said Covid's a typical flu. 
Last year 22,000 people died of flu here. We are now at 245,000..
Here's one for the anti-everythings: 
"Dustin Johnson won The Masters after getting covid, so it means nothing. 
Maybe it helped!" 
Am i in the spirit now?  
Tough guys/women don't wear masks!!  
Am i good now?
we just passed 11 million cases. 
We will be up to 250,000 death momentarily. 
I await what those who don't believe this disease is bad to tell us what to do b/c deaths aren't the only measure..
I just want to hear a plan. 
At least i am trying with
#NextGenMask finalist ⬇️⬇️⬇️ https://t.co/Wyzk6Czevj
good boy 

Show in ten minutes..... 
Let's parse things: 
1. why do i care about masks? 
Is it to self-aggrandize? 
is it to make money? 
2. Why take this abuse? 
Because i am a masochist? 
No, it's because of  http://xprize.org/mask. 
Go read what we are trying to accomplish. 
It's for those who hate masks...
Now how about this. 
A guy using his real name, understands exactly what is happening here. 
Thank you, Craig. 
You really stand for something.
Like Georgia!!!
Yes indeed, and tell that to the 245,000 people who have died.
They will be thrilled to hear it.  
Thanks Big_Savvy.  
Is that like Very Savvy? 
Not https://twitter.com/Big_Savvy/status/1327982823203098626
Chillman says, yes, Mr. Kewl Dude--did you spell Cool phonetically?-- 
i knew that someone that obtuse would venture into the fray but never thought a Cool Dude like you would be such a moron. 
I had you pegged for mensa . My bad .
Go to https://t.co/ZCV0cNaoke to play me  Or look at the note i put lower with me wearing #2 
Chill says this is another one of those disguised arguments that says nothing really will work for us. 
It includes "first-hand" research from Mr. 
Got Energy. 
Another unfortunate name,. 
What are these parents thinking?
Chillman absolutely loves this kind of hilarious "analysis" by Mr. Nada. 
o unfortunate a name because it might as well be Mr. Nothing which is roughly the amount of cranial power you bring to the discussion. 
Your parents should have changed it to something like Dr. No
There are mask mandates and then there are obedience to mask mandates. 
The people who point to mask mandate countries with soaring rates don't realize those mandates aren't enforced in those countries. 
The opponents just refuse to see how well some Asian countries have done here
Only 110 slots left to play the Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest. 
$5 entry... So much fun. 
Beat me fair and square ...
Come play against me in Week 10 and win cash on @DraftKings

The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter. 

Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here:  
https://dkng.co/CCC  
#Ad
@Benioff remember that you need a mandate and it’s respected; 
some countries have them and they are derided so the virus thrives
Great lasting legacy???  
indeed, you have horse sense
come join me on cramerscashcontest.. at draftkings.
beat me fair and square!!
We are now at 190,000 a day. 
Those who don't believe in masks, social distancing, contact tracing, tell me your plan. 
All ears.
I disagree with nothing about this post except for the need to say how smart Elon is. 
Why bother with the needless humiliation. 
I believed Covid-19 would be a worldwide epidemic as early as January. 
Musk didn't believe at all. 
Ever. I am smarter than he is?
of course it is. 
the technology wasn't there. 
Where were cellphones for years? 
We are unveiling a great new name from the bullpen... 
that's a good list of what we have had though!

You just need to watch my multiple interviews with Linde and Plug Power. 
They are what we call definitive and empirical. 
Stay focused Mr. Aha quothe the Chill, Never More
Chill memo to the vicious running dogs who pursue me, look at how well argued this is. 
Respectful, no ad hominem attacks.
Only in the vicious, bloodsport that is twitter would anyone choose to treat me with a level of disrespect worthy of war criminals. 
Sadly, i was a vicious bloodsporter at one point (confessions of a street addict) so i don't mind one bit as i always have the last word
I agree with this. 
They have been trying for a long time. 
it is only recently that the cost has begun to come down. 
Amazon/Walmart/PLUG determined to get it lower
Lithium v. hydrogen is a false dichotomy. 
We need the first, which is better now, and then we need the second because it is more sustainable.. 
If you disagree with that you are a Luddite.
@ajtourville Chillman holds you up as an example of the idiocy masked as intelligence that i will now block. 
1st. I caught from 63 to 408 on TSLA, 
2nd EV is better than Hydrogen,.
3rd you are a Musk lapdog, 
4th only a bootlicker would not consider hydrogen.
BLOCKED
Hey @6Inds, excited to have you in the top 10 for @xprize #NextGenMask! 
Can you show me what makes your mask so innovative? 😷
Challenge accepted. 
#NextGenMask
Ross, listen to me. 
Musk is very right for now and the near future. 
But in a few years hydrogen will come down in price rather radically. 
Have you spoke with PLUG or Linde as i have? 
Have you done the work? Are you yourself focused as i am? ?
Calgary kid, you got horse sense 
For the first time ever the final round of The Masters falls on an NFL Sunday. 
@DraftKings has a great pool that combines both sports. 
It's FREE to enter  with $100K in prizes. 
#AD
debating the false dichotomy of value versus growth 
Hydrogen of course does not stack up now. 
You have to think about driving the price lower. 
Chill says Chill 
I take Nurtec by Biohaven for acute and i take Aimovig by Amgen for preventative. 
They have changed my life... i was getting about 25-26 migraine a month. 
That's why i am grateful to give back and be the spokesperson for the American Migraine Foundation.
I embrace all kinds of alternative energy and while batteries are the best now, hydrogen is an important fuel, too. 
These are the bracelets showing that i have been temperature checked as part of our anti-covid procedures at CNBC 
Thank you, and check your bull pen additions. 
When we go down we are going to be buyers.. 
go back over what we did this week with JPM and go listen to the conference call i had. 
I have said that GS is much cheaper. 
I don't sell a stock all at once though.
thank you for this....  
I'm proud of the way we pounced on Boeing after its hideous q. that's the right thing to do. 
Amazing, i don't think it is too late!
I am obsessed with black jack. 
The casinos, however, are not obsessed with me.
the giggling is so spot on https://t.co/tInAhowwRv
Marriott is one of a handful of stocks that act as if the war is over and Covid is beaten... hmmmm
THREAD:

Top 10 team, @CyfiveMask shares what makes their mask different from the rest

#NextGenMask
We strive for 25% for first sale if we can. 
I thank you so much for these kind words about the club... 
I did it to shaft you, of course.
I think antigen tests are part of the problem. 
They sow a lack trust in public health and a false sense of security. 
If we had a government instead of this Lord of the Flies situation, maybe they would be banned.
Eclectic group of stocks running today. 
No real theme..
A fresh take on a common mask complaint! 

Watch this! ⬇️⬇️⬇️
#NextGenMask
Another one of the top 10 teams! 
Looking forward to trying these designs on next week! 

#NextGenMask 
More ➡️ http://xprize.org/mask
Wow! Top 10 #NextGenMask Team!
😷⬇️😷⬇️😷⬇️ https://t.co/RjBJcnCPYo
@andrewrsorkin has a market moving conference, #Deal Book that is incredible..that's what i was talking about
coming to me in seconds
@tyler 100% board with that allocation and up on any dip--  #bitcoin 
if cases double every ten days as they just did, yes. 
We sold thestreet to maven so it is up to them to develop such a product. 
I write for http://realmoney.com and i do the club.... 
Lots to chew on. 
Disney was extraordinary. 
Cisco said many good things... 
But the virus.. and the campaign emails... 
Jim Farley wants to sell vehicles that make money. 
Think about that.  
He doesn't want to be some colossus striding money-losing industrial. 
He wants to make profitable vehicles people. 
He's a car guy
The analysts seemed downright suspicious about the way Disney made the quarter. 
Maybe they should think more about the brand name and what it means to the world...
i like BABA very much. 
Trying to figure out how threatened the party is by billionaires, tho.
you need to see the next quarter to see if the guidance gets beat... 
After talking with Jim Farley i am feeling pretty good about buying Ford stock even if it gets hit because of covid.
Ironic that both Disney and Cisco--two big Dow stocks report great numbers after the close.. 
And yet the market itself is terrible today.
Another incredible design from one of our top 10! 
😷⬇️😷⬇️😷⬇️😷⬇️ @xprize https://t.co/8fGpa1ZSYm
Congrats on making it to the top 10! 
Looking forward to trying on your design 😷
One of our top 10 #MillionDollarMask teams 
⬇️⬇️⬇️ @xprize https://t.co/VeUkwHH6sP
I like Ford
i said they like NOW but the issue here is  there is NOTHING in this piece that is negative about CRM and its numbers but he warns you not to pay this much for it
Really great... 
it's not that kind of show
it's a great story
thank you! 
Many are not aware of hydrogen's advantages 
coming to me in one

Barr is integral to the attempts to challenge the election results.. 
An independent Justice Department would most likely stay away. 
I suspect Barr will be making very big moves in the next few days but, ultimately, the apparatus will not go with it.
https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog is a club that you have to join. 
I know, gets you paranoid doesn't it?? 
Let's see who downgrades... 
I am only wary because PLUG almost doubled and people who buy it now might be able to get it cheaper. 
I am a believer though
I didn't have a show 
Here we go: downgrade of http://CRM-salesforce.com by Morgan Stanley--as i said on the club call yesterday  http://actionalertsplus.com 
we have to be wary of high multiple stocks, big reason why we raised cash...
that's been a good one. 
i believe in them and i believe in green hydrogen,. 
Up on a spike now though. 
Now you are talking!
Actually i host a tv show and am not capable of inciting anyone. 
But i am able to get your portfolio ready for a buying opportunity because in the end the will of the people will not be denied. Frustrated but not denied
cozy 
thank you! I have been tireless on this one and i did not like that it became political. 
Just trying to keep people from being real sick or dying.
none. my charitable trust owns some but that doesn't accrue to me. 
It happens to be the most important company in the world though..
how many times did i say i was playing devil's advocate. SIX. 
Why did mention these things? 
So when people talk about them you are ready. 
Why did i do that? 
To make you a better investor.
How about three things that could go wrong (or two that could go wrong and one that could go right depending upon your views.).
suboptimal
big numbers from Grow Generation but i would not pay up in after hours trading as the short sellers will attempt to knock it down at the opening.
Where are the critics who jumped all over me for liking Plug Power when we had them on a dozen points ago?

Just finished the call, some good ideas to buy right now.
@LuminosityLab is one of our top 10 for the #NextGenMask Challenge! 
Can you share with us what makes your design so special? 😷
Excited to have @TeamPolair as a top 10 mask competitor! 
Can you give us a sneak peek of your mask design? 😷
ICYMI

The top 10 designs have been announced for our Million Dollar Mask Challenge! 
Keep your eyes peeled for details on the top designs...
Congrats on making it to the top 10 @7SageLabs! 
Can you give all of us on Twitter a quick pitch on what makes your mask design so innovative? 
#NextGenMask
Hey @CyfiveMask, I want to hear more about your innovative mask design! 
Can you pitch it to us on Twitter in a tweet?
Gearing up for the call  
