For all of you who woke up worried to see my name trending, thank you for your concern.
I’m still here with all of you fighting for the decency and justice of our democracy in a spirit of #WhatUnitesUs.

Steady!

Hi Pennsylvania voters - #KnowTheVote

Nothing to feel guilty about.
Hope you enjoy it.
Thanks.
Covid motorcades, signing blank papers, and tear gas walks to a church: the tragedy of Donald Trump’s photo ops.

For those who may still want to get WHAT UNITES US at the special $1.99 e-book price, the deal will end soon.

Thank you all for the interest and the comments.
I especially appreciate when you highlight passages you find particularly resonant.

#WhatUnitesUs

Nothing says "I work hard" to America more than signing blank sheets of paper.

But the real question is whether it was the same "magical Sharpie" the president uses for his hurricane forecasting.

Was a pleasure to be on @amjoyshow today.
@MariaTeresa1 did a wonderful job filling in as this weekend’s host.

A nuanced piece of journalism by @RobertKlemko and @GregJaffe.

Context and perspective beyond simplistic headlines and tweets.

More of this please.

Few sights strike deeper into my marrow about the sadness of our times than an empty playground where children should be spending a beautiful afternoon laughing,  hugging, shouting, giggling and playing tag.
 
They will be full again.

I think some of the apparatchiks who issued Kremlin statements during the Cold War would blush at the liberties this White House takes with the truth.

ll those who are going to want to talk about the president’s “new tone” should save their energy and just retweet or use what they said similarly from earlier in his presidency.

Thank you.
We are very proud of our #HumanNatureFilm .
I would love to hear what others think of it as well.

Science, the what and how of it, is more important than ever.

Few have so dominated the real estate at 60 feet 6 inches.

Rest In Peace Bob Gibson.

One of the all-time greats.

Apparently the land of make believe about COVID turns out to be... make believe.
Who knew? 
Just everyone paying attention to the truth.
On a day of crazy like today, nothing beats listening to Dolly, Loretta, Hank, Waylon, Merle, and Willie.

I have seen a lot in my lifetime.

But for those who have asked, no I have never seen anything quite like this.

No one has.

I would suggest this is well beyond the ability of most reporters’ power of imagination.

If they can’t keep the White House as safe as the NBA playoffs, how should we trust them to keep the country safe?

One possible explanation for what we are seeing is that Donald Trump hoped he would not have symptoms and thus could keep his COVID diagnosis a secret.

But who knows in a White House with no credibility.

May I suggest a great weekend viewing? 
So excited that our documentary #HumanNatureFilm is now streaming on 
@netflix.

You stay classy, San Diego.

What we don’t know is a lot more than what we do know.

And we have an administration that long ago squandered its credibility.

All coverage of this crisis should keep these truths in mind for context.

The president’s health is not purely his own.

It is intertwined with the health and security of the nation.

All who serve the office should also have this reality in mind.

The arts, especially now, must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.

This virus is real.

It is contagious. 
It is deadly. 
Wear a mask. 
Social distance. 
Wash your hands. 
Don’t be an idiot.

No one has any idea where this story goes from here.

In the next hours, let alone days or weeks.

I pray for everyone’s health and for the strength and stability of our county in a time of deep turmoil.

I strongly believe we will forge on into a better future.

I hope you liked it enough to continue to Page 2 :)

October surprises will hereafter need to be sorted by date and which episode of the Twilight Zone they most resemble.
 
Good night Twitter.
Can’t wait to see what insanity and inanity tomorrow will beget.

(Actually I can)

Some things you do in life fill you with a deep pride.
Our documentary #HumanNatureFilm is one of those.

It's about #CRISPR, a science revolution that gives humans  the potential to control our own evolution.

Wow! Please check it out and share with others.

#1 in the entirety of the Kindle store brings a special source of pride because it means people are hopefully going to read what I wrote.

By the way, the $1.99 special price is still available here.

Thank you all.
#WhatUnitesUs

When it comes to covering this administration, I’m in no mood to play charades.

This is outrageous! 
Every Texan should have the ability to have their votes cast and counted as safely and conveniently as possible.

Life is a journey, one if you're lucky with many chapters.

Few people have moved through life with the grace of Jimmy Carter, turning 96 today.

Happy Birthday to an indefatigable spirit of optimism, energy, and a belief in the decency of his fellow citizens and global community.

Now #4 on the Kindle charts... 
I feel a bit like The Beatles? 
Thank you all! 
When you write a book, you hope it's read.
#WhatUnitesUs

Wow. 
Thank you all for skyrocketing the Kindle version of #WhatUnitesUs to #7 in the sales ranking with the $1.99 special price.
(Dreaming of a #1 ranking, as all authors do 😀)

Who doesn't like a deal? 
There's a special on ebook versions of #WhatUnitesUs.
$1.99! 
Apparently if enough go out the e-door, algorithms will think it's a book people should hear about.
Shameless self-promotion? Guilty as charged, but hey it's my Twitter.
I just checked and yes more than 24 hours later the dumpster is still on fire.

I am troubled with the line of reporting that Republicans are “distancing” themselves from the president’s racist comments.

Words, as we have seen, are cheap.

Actions, and policy, are what matters.

It's hard to come to grips with a president who embodies the ugliness of the American story.

White supremacy, economic injustice, and entitlement have always lived alongside this nation's most noble ideals.

Perhaps the United States can now reckon with its demons.

They should remain anonymous lest they get a call from the president about a great real estate deal they can invest with him in Azerbaijan.

The more what took place last night sinks in, the more it is clear that Donald Trump is worried about winning this election and his answer is to stoke violent white supremacism and delegitimize the democratic process.

A little bit of nature's beauty for this morning...


There will be an election.

And then there will be a future.

No president is bigger than the nation.

The American people have a voice.
And after tonight, I sense millions are eager to turn their yelling at the television into marking their ballots.

We know bullies.
We know when racists refuse to denounce racism.

We know when autocrats try to undermine democracy.

We need to dig deep into our moral character.
We need to look at ourselves in the mirror and into the hearts of our neighbors and fellow citizens.

We need to embrace a patriotism that is broad, inclusive, and just.

I don't want to hear from the pundits, I want to hear from the people.

I want to hug all of you in a warm embrace and say, we can, we must be a helluva lot better than this.

Who won and lost tonight in a horse race sense, I don't even want to address.

Frankly, I don't give a damn.

This was a sad, sad, sad night for this nation that I love with all my heart.

This is a moment to mourn what we have lost, and are in danger of losing.

America is hurting, really hurting.
Thousands of people are dying every week.

Jobs lost.
Lives thrown asunder.

The West on fire.

Our international standing at the lowest point I can remember.

We need leadership. 
We need empathy. 
We need unity. 
We need justice. 
We need hope.

I have seen a lot in my 60-plus years as a reporter. 
But I have never seen anything quite like what took place tonight.

Instead of having answers at this point, I am left with one question: Really???

Scariest line all night: “To be continued...”

All across America, people are ready to take a shower.
Why do we always come here 
I guess we'll never know 
It's like a kind of torture 
To have to watch the show
