Jimmy Chill says he prefers Joni Mitchell to Josh Mitchell as he spent time talking Hyliion

Last week i was saying the president was not being helpful on stimulus...
I like being disliked by both sides!!!

It is easier to maintain social distance outside.. if you can't you need a mask

Jimmy Chill says most of the times i am regarded at Democrat hitman.. 
You have lost my trust...but you will still watch because i am Svengali

You are cadre and i thank you!

thank you.. trying so hard to walk the line...

Jimmy Chill says really wasn't trying to scare, was just accepting that the lead by the @Eagles could be tenuous. 
Are you implying a level of confidence i didn't know about?

@TheDomino did you go to sleep after that? 
The @Eagles won the game

Jimmy Chill says he has done that every day and twice on Monday through Friday...

Solace....

Yes, i like Regeneron and it is important to the stock that the President took it, but we can no longer make assumptions about what he took and didn't take.
I wouldn't pay up but i liked it since $5 and stick by it.

a lot of equal opportunity dismissers.. they aren't haters. 
they are know-it-alls who don't know...

@TheDomino So, Dom, how was the weekend?  
I googled that last quarterback you put in but it didn't have him. 
I will try Bing

Early morning victory, where bad bad things did not happen in Philadelphia... 
Go Birds!!!
They wrote us off. 
They said bad things happen in Philadelphia.
And they didn't!!!
Goodnight everyone! 
see you at 4 a.m.
There is a football game involving the Eagles. 
Against the 9ers

still not over not overearly too much time left.
Come on Birds!
it is not over
D must get tough as can be
This was an astonishingly good pick!!! 

How do you like how everyone wrote us off? They said there were very bad things in Philadelphia. 
Very Bad.
Singleton? Googling... again
Future jump three on Ful TDesDu
I love Travis Fulgham!  
Before this i thought he was a Premier League Team

Furiously googling @Eagles with TD
no give up by the futures....
Futures look strong.. .market likes what it sees from Trump....
The Washington Team? 

I BACK MY TEAM

thanks to you and all club members! 

We can't lose Slay
We are on our heels??
@Eagles: it's called pride... @davespadaro
@Eagles looks like someone forgot who we are.
what we are made of.. 
When do we play best??

I like the stocks of both Darden and T-Mobile --good ads, good stocks...
it is pretty amazing isn't it? 
I am hated by Dems and GOP1 I am hated by the anti-maskers. 
I am hated by football fans who aren't Eagle fans. 
But my family likes me and my work family likes me, so I am chill

@TheDomino on Second thought, i will still like you after a beatdown
@TheDomino will you still like me when we upset you? 

so proud of two great people of our great network wearing masks!!! 
You are saving lives!!

Sigh.... Our home team, Dave!

very big day for the team.. 
Take a look at these results..

sunlight (disclosure) is the greatest disinfectant.. 
I can't have no loyalty because then i frankly believe in nothing and no one. 
Better just to own it and tell it...

Larry Kudlow was my partner for four years. 
I am a very loyal person. 
It's the way I was taught to be. 
I always disclose my friendship. 
By i will always be loyal to a man who treated me, and more, important, Pop, with tremendous respect, especially for his time in the service.

stick to stocks means stick to President's health and covid &amp; election and stimulus. 
So Chill says, with all due respect, those who claim they are losing "respect" for me, you just never want to hear anything critical of the president. 
You are "homers" I have no room for homers.

let me explain why i need to comment/learn about President when it comes to the market:
1.  Covid-19 stocks in play
2. stimulus might have more momentum 
3. election always matters, especially for corporate tax
4. If Trump recovers quickly very good for market.

@EricTopol do they think, doc, that it doesn't matter? Because when that Abbott test was given matters tremendously…

@EricTopol holy cow Doc.. shows you the confusion. 
They didn't even tell us when PCR v. Abbott.. 

If we got a straight story we would know...sorry, we have many different stories...

protocols switch...but steroids are what most doctors tell me they prefer

Really annoying that there are commercials all at once when you roll through DTV package
It is the BiNAX that is the issue

@BullMktFantasy , @BillEnright major screw-up on my part-- Tre' traded ahead

Young innovators from around the WORLD eager to design a better mask... continue to follow their stories at http://xprize.org/mask

I have Hunt

Violence: Chubb, Ekeler, Parker already hurt?
Best in show analysis .. @ScottGottliebMD https://t.co/ctedgMNt1e

Standard treatment.. Shows might be able to go to White House...  if necessary 

Week 4 Fantasy Football Live Lineup Q&amp;A with @JimCramer and @BillEnright from @BullMKTFantasy

Bill Enright, The Profit, does gambling. 
I am #FF... https://t.co/b2hfzLXVhm

We are live at 11:30-- who can't play, who can't win--don't be a sucker -see link below https://t.co/8FL05tbKKi

Join @BullMktFantasy LIVE in 1 HOUR! 
We will be taking and answering your questions. 
Watch here: https://t.co/ZpHbCaj6Ex

@BullMktFantasy We are applying the same disciplines we do to portfolio management to football...  
I did fantasy long before i did stocks and my partner, @BillEnright, is the best there is on gambling...

I am trying to teach stocks, and now #FF which i started doing in 1981. 
We are interactive on both stocks  @MadMoneyOnCNBC and @BullMktFantasy on my facebook page.

First time EVER--we are taking questions live on @BullMktFantasy because we know how hard it is to do your line-ups, #FF, #DFS because of all the injuries/byes.  
I find it to be a nice break from the endless covid-stock issues.  
You have a line-up question? 
The scratches? 

Yeah, i liked Fastly from the get go because they power the NYTimes.. only later did i learn they do tiktok,. 
But they do much more than that and are loved by their clients.

Everyone who cares about fantasy/reality, we are trying something new this morning on Facebook/JimCramer : last minute adjustments before the opening bell for #FF and #DFS brought to you, of course, by DraftKings.

thank you, we have had some good ones.
What we do best is hammer these home endlessly on the show. 
Endlessly. 
@MadMoneyOnCNBC And while some may say stop focusing on Covid/gov't and stick to stocks, only $TTD is not  Covid/government related stock.

@BullMktFantasy putting together thoughts about today with the Prophet, @BillEnright , for GTDs on cash games,DFS-we will have a last minute killer line-up for you to play. 
Covid-proof hopefully

@BullMktFantasy Get ready for our show tomorrow at 11:30 on DFS and starting line-ups when everyone  is scrambling... we will have answers...

Jimmy Chill says, that's the plan! 

this is why we started the https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN competition. 
We have to pull together. 
We just have to https://t.co/CljcgLRcaJ

these are the two alternatives.. 
A explains why he would want Regeneron's drug; 
B is like a lot of people i know.. but typically much younger...

Sunday morning Week 4 for the NFL I am going LIVE at 11:30 am(est). 
Tune in for a Fantasy Football lineup Q&amp;A, DFS advice, and all the injury news before kickoff. 

Our restaurant that does have outdoor tables is doomed, too. 

then maybe your goal is to get it last! 

i was adamant that we stop anyone from coming here who had been to china. 
many came from Milan which became the epicenter, but the administration dismissed that...

i thank you, as always, for your kind words!

if your restaurant is allowed to have tables outside you can survive. 
Mine isn't 

Three "doctors" suggest actions ahead of what the President did and told us endlessly

Sunday morning Week 4 for the NFL I am going LIVE at 11:30 am (est). 
Tune in for a Fantasy Football lineup Q&amp;A, DFS advice, and all the injury news before kickoff.

I thank you doc. 
I just blocked almost everyone who has commented this morning. more than 50--why do people who hate me watch me so intently. 
Maybe i am Svengali! Love me or hate me, watch me? 
The old Roger Ailes method.

Wow! Seeing these 25 teams will give you hope!
Stay tuned to https://t.co/gnyh9wY4Xd for the latest developments in the Next Gen Mask Challenge

for those who tell me to "stick with stocks" what do you think i am doing? 
Chill man says if you think that earnings are what matters and not this political/medical stuff, with all due respect, and i mean it, you are a total and complete moron

would you be willing to share the ones you exiting from after you are done exiting..
Some question my credentials: 
On Feb 3, on @SquawkStreet I predicted 
1) a massive, deadly epidemic was coming here,
2. masks must be worn, 
3. Ban of Chinese to the US. IMMEDIATELY. White House vehemently disagreed with me.v

Here's my non-doctor credentials: 
On February 3rd on @SquawkStreet i predicted a massive and deadly epidemic of Covid-19 in this country.. 
I suggested we all wear masks and that i was quarantining my family.
And i urged that no Chinese be allowed into the U.S. Okay?

Sadly, completely discredited bogus science about the masks.  
They did not consult the aerosol experts who have better data

First, thanks Doc, you have been an amazing follow. 
Second, this is bad news for the NFL because it would appear that almost right up to game day for the following week players are still starting to test positive. 
Keep up the good work!

On February 3 of 2020 on @SquawkStreet I screamed that we would have a massive epidemic of covid in this country & and we should ban Chinese from coming here. 
There are my credentials. 
What are yours?

Jimmy Chill has been at the forefront for the need of more stimulus. 
Only Republican Senators say otherwise. 
You must be confusing me with one of them.
We are laying off people left and right because of this. 
It's horrible and sad.

@jeremyfaust are you surprised that there are still some  Titans are getting their first positive read when they have been in quarantine since Monday. 
I know, can take 14 days..We are on day seven. 
What does it say about the President? Also are all NFL players asymptomatic?

yes, but will  Kareem Hunt play tomorrow?  
@BullMktFantasy Big show tomorrow morning ! 

first not true in most areas. second, that's because there is more testing. 

Actually just trying to show you what the luddites will do to sacrifice the rest of us with their "bogus" science.
We haven't seen anything like this since the old Soviet Union...

thank you. 
Felt this way ever since i decided to skip the Super Bowl and fly back so i could warn people from my desk at @SquawkStreet. 
Good to have a clean conscience about this stuff...

don't we all..

I believe the President's use of Regeneron's drug can only help and can't hurt. 
Getting the viral load down via IV drip of the drug when you first know you have it is the best thing to do.

My best guy tells it like it is: https://t.co/NGtC2U7euX

if you were in contact with someone who had covid  yes you need to be quarantined and tested. 
Believe me i have been there. 
Thems the rules.

Bad omen for the White House. 
If three more Titans (and staff) just tested positive then tests didn't pick it up for six days if you don't include today. 
They are presumably healthy individuals and asymptomatic. 
But, wow that's on the outside band

I feel bad that this happened. 
Thank you, Diane. 
I am writing a piece right now for https://t.co/HWTl9iFqLA where i still do writing for that will have it. 
I will not let you down!!

a cogent, precise argument made here by people who truly are mask-icidal maniacs. 
 
I fought these people from day one and not only are they anti-science they now abetted what's happening in the White house.
 
How about their solid reasoning, though? Compelling?

thank you to so many great companies for helping the 15 to 24 year olds design a mask that so many in the White House could have been wearing..

Check out my new weekly column on @DKLive where I highlight the players to use in your CASH Game and GPP Lineups for Week 4 #Ad

Can someone explain to the people in charge that when you test negative on day one it often means you are positive on day two? 
and can they stop laughing at our masks yet?

This is the future! 
25 teams of young innovators working to build a better mask. 
These designs are going to change the world! 
Follow along at http://xprize.org/mask

it's not just the death count.. 
Wear a mask! 
https://t.co/gnyh9wY4Xd is showing you some amazing videos of the entries to our contest
Understand why there is hope in these dark days

The kids will save us!!!

Yo, CeeJay, i didn't PUMP regeneron, i recommended it at $5. 
Nothing LOL about it, CJ

No that's not true. 
He watched a lot of tv and knows that some people talked non-stop about how great Regeneron is. 
So i say, stop relaxing, that's for jokers 

Jimmy Chill, expert on Regeneron when no one else liked it at $5. 
How did i know. 
I researched the drugs.  
Maybe i am less stupid than you think..

@BullMktFantasy you got horse sense 

this is the big question. 
It could be because he has a very high viral load-not so good-or because he doesn't want to wait and see if he gets better. 
I would be doing just what he is doing.

The Regeneron drug as we understand it is a drip and it would be administered in a hospital. 
I think that the team at Regeneron would fly down and take care of him personally. 
This is both good and bad news for the president

It concerns me that the president is only one of 276 people in the trial and it is very disconcerting that he even has to do be in this study as wise as i would think it is to be in it.

The issue is that if the president is already on this experimental drug it must be worse than we think. 
Why not just be on the conventional protocol?

Cynics here may doubt the Chillman's credentials on anointing Regeneron the winner, but the president didn't. 
Let's see the viral load be reduced.

Okay, I recommended REGN at $5 and it is now at $580. 
So maybe i am a doctor of money. 
Seriously George Yancopoulos, chief scientist, has been the single best scientist in this field for decades. 
He just told us his conviction that the viral load will be reduced.
What a guy!

Out of growth into value--that was today's business.
nasty https://t.co/mb7Utv1aT9

You have to be impressed with the how Regeneron, after 275 cases, got into the White House and it gives us hope that the viral load can be reversed if you catch it fast enough.

Len from Regeneron was the first guest on Mad Money. 
The stock was at $5. 
The President is now in the most important trial to stop this scourge in the country.

So here's the deal with Regeneron. 
We had their chief scientist on the other day and he said that if i tested positive i would want to be in his trial. 
I think their monoclonal antibody will reverse the viral load. 
Good news for the president. 
Regeneron is the best!

Bloomberg reporting that the President is being treated with the Regeneron cocktail i suggested.. 
Good.

Rodger sued me for not showing up once for work when i told him my wife wanted me home on Friday night. 
He offered me a choice. 
Later said i made the wrong choice. 
Hysterical guy! 
They didn't call him sweetheart for nothing!!

I'm still putting the odds of a deal not that high but the president is willing to give money to the states and to help small businesses. 
Is a great deal the enemy of the good? 
I think we just need a good deal

If you think there is going to be a big pile of stimulus money you want the cyclicals.
Also there was a daylong FANG sell program

they make a lot of calls.

Now here's someone with horse sense

Listen, Jason, you and your Argonauts are mythical figures like your mythical anti-mask rap. 
Believe me if you were at Bedminster the other day you wish you followed my tweets.

Hey  SPAC-heads, i have a great one Sports Entertainment Acquisition Corp!!
oh come on, let the chill have some fun.. 
Paranoid Style of American Tweeting.. 
Good book.

Bernadette: i think it makes it so ZOOM just got another year but masks will be in vogue... 

my favorite urban myth is the one that says i liked Lehman when i did the rare thing and said i would short it if i could. 
Rog never picked up on that one.

Yes it does given that Ailes loathed and despised me and ran endless media campaigns against me. 
What a pal! 
A true bud! 
Sticks and stones may break my bones which is why i carry nuclear weapons.
 
Crowd fave Celsuis on tonight.
Any questions?

Crowd favorite Celsuis on tonight.. all those who think i told people to buy the stock of a firm that went under more than a dozen years ago, i don't want you watching. 
You are the spawn of my late good friend Roger Ailes, notes the King of Chill

My alter ego Chill often feels compelled to tell the trolls the truth about their miserable existence but prefers to see them drink cheap scotch on a dirty linoleum floor. 
Cheers, knaves!

Younger people: chill wants to explain that 12 years ago this were this firm, Bear Stearns, that i didn't like but didn't want to say you should pull your money out of it because it was insured. 
My good friend Rogers turned that into a "buy bear stearns" ad.  Prince of a guy

Chillman wants to point out that there are trolls, inspired by a campaign against me by my late boss Roger Ailes who endlessly heckle me here.  
Who knew my old good friend carried grudges and made up lies to back them?

hillman periodically wants to point out that he said you would not lose money if you kept your money in an account at bear stearns if it went under. 
True. 
Further he said short it that Friday. 
But the fox-inspired mountebanks relentlessly get it wrong. 
They are mountebanks

The Visby device that i will show on air next week has EUA from the FDA, not more than that right now but when you see it you will be amazed.