Donald J Trump, on steroids.

Serious meds and rosy scenarios. 
How sick is the President?

TRUMP DRIVE-BY: The individuals in the SUV with Trump appear to be wearing full PPE..but that is an extremely enclosed space and in Trumps condition if he’s still contagious he could be endangering staff including secret service agents just to get a photo-op. 
Windows are up.

The street scene outside Walter Reed where the President is being treated.


Lol oh yes Charlie Norton we had some good times - plus Couric’s last days in local

Thanks Mike great to hear from u!

Trump is taking a steroid now along with a five day course of remdesivir, which needs to be monitored by medical experts, but one of his doctors suggested he could leave the hospital tomorrow .
Dr. Conley admitted he’s trying to present a positive picture of Trump’s treatment .

@Phil_Mattingly Been there omg.
Trump video: I’m also doing well ( expect a good result) gonna know over the next few days for sure..
Conley later clarified that he misspoke
The White House is a COVID hotspot. 
Now Christie is positive

“Just 72 hours into the diagnosis now”... wait what? 
If POTUS was diagnosed 72 hours ago ? 
This requires clarification because 72 hours ago was Wednesday. 
How is that possible ?




“The jarring contrast between the carefree, cavalier attitude toward the virus on display in the Rose Garden Saturday and the pernicious awakening that occurred Thursday night resembles a Shakespearean tragedy.” 
(Though echoing themes in a Poe short story)

@presssec says White House operations deemed it safe for Trump to travel to New Jersey fundraiser after Hope Hicks was diagnosed.
But the first calculation here should have been about protecting donors in NJ from contagion caused by the President and his traveling party.

Attendee at the SCOTUS announcement tests positive. 
It raises the question: 
whether the spread that reached the President started at the Barrett announcement?

Senator Lee tests positive 

RE:chronology at White House yesterday. 
I asked COS Mark Meadows &amp; he said he wasn’t doing a “tic toc” but that they discovered Hope Hicks had tested positive as Marine 1 was taking off.
But if that’s true, they went to the NJ fundraiser knowing a close TRUMP contact was positive?

Donald Trump's positive coronavirus test puts him in the company of Boris Johnson and Jair Bolsonaro

Unemployment report: 
economy gains 661,000 jobs. rate down to 7.0

Whoa 

Trump Aide Hope Hicks Tests Positive for Coronavirus Infection #SmartNews  https://t.co/em29MRmQtp

House approves $2.2 trillion stimulus plan from Democrats with no bipartisan deal in sight


FOUNDER OF BET? 
Bob Johnson Leaning Voting For Trump: 
‘I Will Take the Devil I Know’ 

Wildlife are taking back the DMV version 2.0. Several coyote attacks reported in Rockville Thursday | WDVM 25 #SmartNews URL

Judge rules federal law enforcement commission violates law, orders work stopped as attorney general prepares to issue report - The Washington Post

Trump is winning the voter registration battle against Biden in key states 
#SmartNews 

Oh no

Study finds mentions of Donald Trump make up the largest share of  "infodemic" misinformation about COVID-19 in traditional english language media.

Trump takes credit for USDA food for families. 
A Hatch act violation ? 

Television debates stress test candidates. 
If you want to see cracks in the facade watch a candidate under the bright lights for 90 minutes with millions watching. 
It is not always pretty. 
For this reason last nights repulsive debate was an essential a public service.

Couldn’t agree more

The question about the President's Proud Boys position posed to Sen. Scott. 
Scott didn't just say "I think he misspoke." 
He also said that if the President doesn't correct it, 'I guess he didn't misspeak.'  
What does that mean?

Um, yes, precisely.
A single picture is worth thousands of words.

Dana Bash on the air called the debate a #ShitShow
Trump on Election Day : 
If I see tens of thousands of ballots being manipulated .. it means u have a fraudulent election ..
Sabrina on the quick uptake with the Kellyanne Conway quote in chaos

Biden on Trump’s “ rescuing the suburbs” argument; 
This is not the 1950’s. 
The dog whistles don’t work anymore

Trump on his administration ending racial sensitivity training : 
“they were teaching people to hate our country. 
Biden: nobody’s doing that. 
The fact is people need to be made aware.

Trump goes hard after Biden on law enforcement ‘ we believe I law and order but you don’t”
AOC speaks: https://t.co/MMkAXQXCQM

Biden calls Trump a clown for  at least the second time. 
This debate could be characterized as a food fight, which under the circumstances tends to feel somehow appropriate.

You’re the worst president America’s ever had.

Here we go on Trump taxes: is it true that u paid $750 dollars? 
Trump: I paid millions.
Trump resorts to same arguments he made in taxes 4 years ago.

On the economy Trump’s strong point according to the polls: 
“”we’re doing record business .. when u look at NC,MI,PA they’ve gotta open up.
 “” Biden: you can’t fix the  economy until u fix the covid crisis

Would you shut up?
On Health Care Biden on Trump: 
“He has no plan and the fact is this man doesn’t know what he’s talking about.”

Trump talks over Biden and the moderator making himself the center of attention as usual. 
Question; what is the Trump health care plan.
Biden laughs at him : 
“ I’m not here to call out his lies “ 
Folks do u have any idea what this clown is doing?

Here we go: 
First Debate at Case Western/ Cleveland Clinic in Ohio. 
No introductions no opening statements. 
First question : SCOTUS nomination

Melania Trump wears a mask to the first debate.
That’s a statement, intended or not bc she is First Lady.

So, right up to the debate instead of flooding the zone with covid/economy messaging and financial losses-don’t-make-u a-loser-messaging we’re still hearing these  distractions from Trump world that don’t have anything to do with the crushing issues facing american voters?

On his way to the debate 


Right?
 Not a good sign.
Titans, Vikings suspend in-person activities after multiple Titans players, personnel test positive for COVID-19 

Oh thats just not good at all 

Germany has its own Dr. Fauci—and actually follows his advice  https://t.co/fSKfTLGS0I


A grim coronavirus milestone: 1 million dead