retweets B-1 bombing video (not clear if training or real) with male voice laughing over the bombing pictures.

You can listen to what he says by turning sound up.
Video then cuts to more serious military voices.

@Alyssafarah is also a former Pentagon spox

The point of the presidential suite is any president can be treated In a specific area without disrupting hospital ops.

So how did he meet troops?

On Oct 4 today spare a thought for the families whose loved ones fell on this day, decades apart, in Niger and Mogadishu.

This week DOD shut down an effort to rapidly get new gear to troops in combat.

May their memories be a blessing.
#NeverForget

Beginning Saturday, October 3, Arlington National Cemetery (ANC) is reopening visitation to President John F. Kennedy’s gravesite.

DOD announces Gen Milley was tested this morning and is negative for #COVID19

And still Esper has declined to comment.

Esper traveling in North Africa.

No statement from his staff yet.

Gen Milley, chairman of joint chiefs just seen in Pentagon hallway conducting his regular schedule.

Last time he saw POTUS was Sunday at Gold Star Mothers event. according to adm official. 
Milley is regularly tested & follows CDC protocols.
No word yet from @EsperDoD staff

"There has been no change to our alert levels.

The US military stands ready to defend our country and its citizens.
There is no change to the readiness and capability of our armed forces,” 
Joint Staff spox says in reax to President having #COVID19 (effort to reassure the world)

#FactsMatter #FactsFirst especially when it comes to suicide in the military.

	
There is great concern among military commanders, especially in the Army that the isolation from #COVID19 may be leading to a rise in death by suicide in the ranks.

DOD will not call it a rise, commanders will.
Here are the facts.

A top senior Army enlisted leader posts this about the need for what he calls being "brutally honest"

Watch every second, every minute of this report from relentless journalist @KyungLahCNN and see what is happening to your fellow neighbors as they face the possibility of being on the street due to #COVID19 evictions.
Don't avert your eyes, 
#FactsFirst 
#FactsMatter 
#WearAMask

Morning sky at Pentagon today.

Bonus: as I snapped the shot the little red fox that now lives near the metro entrance strolled by on his morning paw patrol.

yes it is. 
but do to certain events cute puppy tweets started early today.

Somehow this seemed timely for so many

A closeup look at Navy SEAL gear

Justice #RuthBaderGinsburg was laid to rest early this morning at @ArlingtonNatl next to her husband in a private ceremony. 
She had an Army escort at the cemetery. Just as the troops honored her at the Capitol with precision and dignity.
