IT’S PARTEY TIMEEEEEE

this is fantastic

Amid all of this there are still people being evicted from their homes, people rationing food so there's enough to eat, people choosing which bills they can pay and which they can't, people with no health insurance because they lost their job.

It's infuriating.

It's unacceptable.

Imagine being the family member of a secret service agent and watching that.

This Premier League season is going to be wild and I am here for it.
thanks so much for reading, Soledad

This is the stuff I love to see @Arsenal

thanks fam.

this was very helpful

I can imagine!

Alright, after three months we’ve finally finished all six seasons of The Sopranos.

Please send me the best thing you’ve read to help me make sense of that final episode...

I’m so sorry
thank you for sharing

Thinking about all those who have been turned away from the hospital and told to go home.

Who have been forced to decide between their job and their health.

Who were as careful as they could be.
Who have gotten exposed to this virus because of other people’s callous indifference.

Chris i wish they tasted good unfortunately they taste like cat poop

I would like to make an amendment to a previous declaration I’ve made, I once said sweet potatoes and all things made from them were gross.

But I just had some sweet potatoes noodles for the first time and they were kind of incredible.

With the beef teriyaki?! *chef’s kiss*

👀

thank you for sharing with your students!

congrats, Roberto!

I really wanted to see him lay for Nigeria.
Not too late though, just depends on if he gets on the field

“The subtle and deadly change of heart that might occur in you would be involved with the realization that a civilization is not destroyed by wicked people; 
it is not necessary that people be wicked but only that they be spineless.” - James Baldwin

Looking forward to this https://t.co/2XtBHAnMYY

“The World Bank predicts the number of people living in extreme poverty will rise by anywhere from 70 million to 100 million this year, and may stay that way for several years as the coronavirus-related slowdown in economic growth is expected to linger”

I just want better for us than this.
they should revisit this
Genuine question, can’t they just cut off the other person’s mic when the other is giving their two minutes?
This man literally told white supremacists to “stand by.”
So many people have died.

Always remember they didn’t have to.

This is bananas

What a legend https://t.co/hsPaLESzmt

Best biography I’ve ever read.

This is an important story.

you already know

When I’m flipping through old books I can always tell which ones I read in college because they’re stained with the grease of many late night cheese quesadillas.

But we’re on the right track.
Trust the process.
I mean, at the end of the day Liverpool is just better than us.
Lacazette wyd man
I hope we sign Aouar soon.
That’s an incredible tweet lol
booooooo
i hate this peacock delay
ugh
I’LL TAKE THAT YES I WILL
It's not too late to sign up: https://t.co/ex6wAWdr4m
