Important to realise - In UK as elsewhere if/when #COVID19 vaccine is available, the vulnerable will be vaccinated as a priority 👇

Mr Barnier is now in a meeting with Angela Merkel

A lot of “open issues” remained in talks he said.

Adding that people both sides of Channel had already been through much bc of #coronavirus It therefore would be “totally irresponsible to burden them with additional problems resulting from a no-deal" he said

Germany’s Foreign Minister has met the EU’s chief negotiator in trade talks w UK Michel Barnier this morning.

Mr Maas: “The coronavirus pandemic made the discussions even more difficult and I mean in every respect but it also made an agreement even more urgent."

New coronavirus restrictions for Madrid as regional resentments rise over national government’s handling of the #coronavirus 👇

Paris prepares for new #coronavirus restrictions.

Possible complete closures of cafes and restaurants 👇  https://t.co/sg09M0x9wl

As we heard from leaders like NL’s Rutte and Germany’s Merkel, they are ‘cautiously optimistic’ BUT while a deal is thought likely, it’s far from definite.

EU view is still that decision must ultimately be made in Downing Street.

Though the PM insists it depends more on the EU

Fish is not THE key issue but it is a key bargaining chip and do will be agreed close to last.

Neither EU nor UK will want to be seen to be the first to give up on these negotiations.

EU diplomats think they could continue into November

Well-connected EU diplomat told me he thinks Michel Barnier will have to push EU leaders to show more flexibility.

Angela Merkel seemed to nod to that on Friday.

The U.K. will need to move considerably on its current official positions on level playing field and governance

The fact the two leaders didn’t issue a joint statement trumpeting the details of compromise solutions already being worked on doesn’t mean they can’t or won’t happen.

Fact that PM and VdL will be in regular contact now is significant. 
Lots more to-ing and fro-ing predicted

It would seem neither the wildly positive sounding rumours out of the U.K. last week on agreed solutions being found to state aid, nor the doom and gloomsters saying nothing is going nowhere fast(!) on tough issues in talks following the PM-VdL phone call this week are correct

EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier heads to Berlin tomorrow morning for a meeting with Angela Merkel.

No trip scheduled to France the following day.

Possibly to London later in the week, I’m told

@pmdfoster used ‘meh’ in a tweet recently and it reminded me how much I like the word! 
I’ve found myself using it all over the place last few days

If deal does appear, EU diplomats suggests won’t be before beginning/mid November

Themselves, then why on earth publicise that for politicians (mainly uk - rest of EU bored by #Brexit ) and media (mainly uk bc European press will only become interested if deal/no deal has domestic impact) to pull apart? 
Lots of work to be done behind scenes

What a meh joint statement from Boris Johnson and EU Commission Pres this afternoon.

No tunnel.

Just intensified negotiations - What was the point? you could ask OR It could be a positive sign they said so little.

If compromises are there to be made and both sides are readying

fisheries, the level playing field, and governance.. but not only those subjects, they noted.

They’ve agreed to keep in touch regularly from now on

Eu Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and Boris Johnson have issued a joint statement following their call this afternoon.

Negotiations to agree a trade deal are now to be intensified.

Significant gaps remain (on well-known areas):

Good thread on what to expect next in #Brexit trade talks w EU. This is political crunch time.

Deal can only be reached with EU + UK compromise and as I keep writing : 
don’t forget EU leaders -not just the PM - are affected by domestic politics 👇

ALL EU members are united in negotiations in prioritising welfare of single market over a deal with UK because EU countries earn a varying but considerable chunk of GDP out of that market.

That said, some in EU like Sweden, NL more open to some compromise than France for example

EU also not a clear cut case now we’re at the hard compromise-making stage.

Some member states open to being more flexible, others, eg France, don’t so much.

What I mean by flexible is not the fabled German carmakers.

“Since U.K. leaving the EU single market and customs union anyway, what’s the point of a deal that requires us to tie our hands to agreed rules with the EU? 
Better to cut lose completely and have full sovereignty”

Complicating matters when it comes to the EU and U.K. ‘positions’ in the final stretch of negotiations ..

There are different voices around the PM - some more keen to do a deal with EU, others who say:

How significant is tomorrow's video conference between Boris John and EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen: 
Is a trade deal about to be struck - or just more same old finger-pointing? 
My thoughts: https://www.bbc.com/news/correspondents/katyaadlerdent

But as @DavidHenigUK points out - very VERY unlikely either EU or UK will allow talks to collapse over fish - however totemic the issue is

Brussels has to show more realism said David Frost - a recognition that post Brexit UK is an independent country.

He concluded that the UK remained committed to finding solutions - if they were to be found - he said

Angela Merkel and EU leaders sounded (very very) cautiously optimistic about possibility of a trade deal but UK’s chief negotiator David Frost struck sombre note.

Eg On fishing he warned  the gap with the EU risked being impossible to bridge

For many the virtual meeting tomorrow between the prime minister and the European Commission President is an encouraging sign.

Others - more wary - point out that just ahead of their call - each is still looking to the other to make concessions - in public at least #Brexit

The EU can sign a trade deal with UK despite triggering legal action over government’s internal market bill BUT the European Parliament says it will not ratify the deal if the government doesn’t remove the contentious clauses from the Bill that would override Withdrawal Agreement

Rutte also said a no-deal outcome would be “a big lost opportunity” on top of the economic fallout from the corona virus pandemic

Dutch PM Mark Rutte says he’s “cautiously optimistic” that EU-UK trade deal will be agreed this autumn.
Says “geopolitical necessity” for a deal was felt in Brussels and London bc covid and general instability

On subject of post #Brexit trade deal today Mrs Merkel said: 
A lot will be determined by what Britain wants and what Britain does not want.

It is up to Britain to decide this really.

But as long as the negotiations keep going I am optimistic.


Reports that EU chief negotiator will fly to Berlin on Monday for talks with Germany’s Angela Merkel

And on the parallel talks with UK on how to implement last year's Brexit Divorce Deal 
- she said everything was there to sort out the difficulties over the Irish Protocol and she called for it to be implemented in good faith

She said if UK wants "full access to single market" it would need to "respect questions of fairness and competitiveness".
 
She mentioned the importance to EU of having a dispute mechanism written in to the deal.

She said it was worth working hard to achieve a deal

As to whether she felt optimistic that a deal would be done, President VdL said "Where there is a will there is a way.

We have made progress in many fields" but added that most difficult aspects: fishing and level playing field esp state aid - are still "wide open" she said

but rejected word 'tunnel' to describe how negotiations should proceed.

President von der Leyen repeated well-known EU position  "We want a deal.
Better to have a deal as neighbours.
Also in times of covid - with its devastating economic consequences but not at any price."

European Commission President says her video conference with PM tomorrow is to take stock of negotiations and look ahead to the what next.

She will then inform EU leaders of the outcome of the conversation with Boris Johnson.

She mentioned need to intensify negotiations.

Indeed.
Though EU imagines if deal struck that will be far easier for Boris Johnson to do as the concerns reflected in the internal market bill will largely be dealt with in a zero tariff, zero quota agreement

NB I wrote ‘meeting’ in /7 .

Should read ‘conversation’.

No suggestion they are meeting in person at this stage

The why’s and what’s of tomorrow’s meeting is speculation for now.

The only thing we know for sure is: both sides say they want a deal.

But both say not at any price.

If a deal does eventually emerge, compromises will have to have been made by both sides

Macron is under pressure to compromise his maximalist position on fishing rights for EU fishermen in U.K. waters but it’s politically v sensitive for him.

He already has 2022 presidential elections on his mind.

Key rivals could accuse him of sacrificing French interests.

Media likely to scrutinise/attack compromises -making it harder for politicians to agree them.

This goes for the PM -who could (depending what’s agreed) be accused of compromising on #Brexit by some media and MPs in own party - but also for EU leaders like Emmanuel Macron.

There is real progress going on in negotiations but need (either optics or content) the political involvement of PM & Commission President.
Also if progress is in process of being made (ie politically difficult compromises),the two sides won’t want to come under press scrutiny

Unusual that there is no Barnier press conference today.

There normally is after negotiating rounds.

Could be bc there is an EU leaders summit going on separately in Brussels (discussing Turkey, Belarus and more) and EU wants to avoid press conference clashes OR 

Today the two chief negotiators David Frost (UK) and Michel Barnier (EU) meet after this week’s negotiating round.

There have been rumours of progress on key sticking points coming out of UK. Not confirmed EU side so far


BREAKING: PM spokesperson says Boris Johnson will speak to European Commission President tomorrow to discuss state of EU-UK trade and security talks.

QUESTION: Will they announce enough progress being made that negotiating teams can now enter a media black-out tunnel?

Millions of congrats @BBCVickiYoung who has been announced as @BBCNews new Deputy Political Editor.

Am told Michel Barnier will not be briefing EU leaders about #Brexit at their Brussels summit tomorrow.

European Commission Pres will hold the Briefing while M Barnier meets UK chief negotiator David Frost.

No Barnier presser planned - v unusual after negotiating weeks.

Hmmmm..

Indeed.
But what EU did not do is take stronger action : halt trade negotiations.

As important to look at what EU did not do as what it did in this case, I think.

EU wants trade deal and hopes that would go long way to allaying any UK stated concerns about NIreland

Who is Belgium's new Prime Minister - in charge of a 7 party coalition put together nearly 18 months after general election ..?

EU set 30Sept deadline for UK government to withdraw parts of internal market bill that would override aspects of Irish Protocol contained in #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement.

EU wants to show it keeps its word yet wants to avoid huge row.

Still hopes trade deal.

Hence slow process👇

“We need to create a legal safety net to protect the integrity of the UK’s internal market, ensure Ministers can always deliver on their obligations to Northern Ireland and protect the gains from the peace process.” says the spks.

In response to EU sending a letter of notice to government as party of infringement proceeds, government spokesman says: 
“We will respond to the letter in due course.

We have clearly set out our reasons for introducing the measures related to the Northern Ireland Protocol.

Yet the threat by No10 to break international law has been damaging amongst own MPs + internationally.

EU says will insist all the more now on having an independent body to police any eventual trade deal w U.K. - so as to be able to take swift legal action in case of disputes

So was it a ‘successful’ negotiating ploy by Downing Street all along? 
You could say gov called the EU’s bluff.

Brussels threatened legal action over Bill but is actually clearly playing it slowly.

Doesn’t want to damage chances of agreeing a trade + future relations deal w UK

Allow progress in the committees with the U.K. to implement the Irish Protocol and Withdrawal Agreement at large to solve difficulties between the two sides.

If clear progress made on a) and b) in a month, EU hopes the problematic parts of Internal Market Bill become irrelevant

By giving the government one month, the EU hopes this will give time for both sides to progress towards a) an EU-UK trade deal, which could allay fears of U.K. gov about aspects of the Irish Protocol in Withdrawal Agreement and b)

Commission will give government one month to respond it says.

Meantime the Commission ‘stands by its commitments’ (this is a jab at Boris Johnson) and ‘will continue working hard to ensure timely implementation of withdrawal agreement’ says president von der Leyen

European Commission Président says sent letter of formal notice to UK government - the first step in infringement proceedings.

This, because has not removed party’s of internal market bill that could override aspects of #Brexit Withdrawal agreement 

Financial services aren’t part of EU-UK trade talks but issues are linked.

Securing equivalence for UK services -allowing post #Brexit access to single market -will arguably be easier if a trade deal is agreed BUT EU can withdraw equivalence unilaterally👇

I thought it odd too.

It does also appear in English-language version of the Spiegel but why not write letter in UK publication 
- if aimed at UK?

Germany’s Europe Minister has appealed for “cool heads” “pragmatism” and a “sensible solution” in a letter to the UK as post #Brexit trade negotiations enter the final phase.

He calls too for an end to “obsession” with who’s winning or losing in talks 👇
