New @espn story: After a historic Game 3 performance, Jimmy Butler vows: 
“We're not gonna lay down;
we're gonna fight back in this thing and even it up 2-2."

After the Heat's Game 2 loss to L.A., Jimmy Butler said: 
"We got to play damn near perfect in order to beat those guys." 
Tonight, Butler finished with 40 points, 11 rebounds and 13 assists in 45 minutes to beat the Lakers 115-104.

Jimmy Butler's two 40-point performances this postseason, tie with LeBron James and Dwyane Wade for the most such games in a single postseason in Heat franchise history, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

Jimmy Butler is the third player to have a 40-point triple double in NBA Finals history. 
The others: Jerry West (42) and LeBron James (40).

The team has ruled Bam Adebayo out for Game 3, but he is out on the court getting pregame shots up:

Bam Adebayo (neck) &amp; Goran Dragic (foot) will not play in Game 3 of the Finals, the team says.

Bam Adebayo and Goran Dragic are listed as doubtful for Game 3 of the NBA Finals on this evening’s injury report.

Jimmy Butler carried quite the load in 45 minutes of play in Game 2: 
He scored or assisted on 57 points, his most in a playoff game in his career, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

Jimmy Butler said he responded to this speech, but noted that it shouldn't take that to light a fire. 
"We have to do it from the jump."
"Maybe he should just start the game off cussing people out," he joked.

Heat coach Erik Spoelstra: 
"We don't give a sh*t what everybody else thinks. What will it take (to get over the hump)? 
Whatever is necessary. 
Simple as that."

The Lakers are the first team over the last 20 years to score 50 points and shoot 70 percent from the paint in a playoff game, per @ESPNStatsInfo. 
They scored 56 points in the paint on 74% shooting and beat Miami 124-114. 

The Lakers hold a 2-0 series lead.

Udonis Haslem is delivering an impassioned speech to his Miami teammates during this timeout. 
The Heat trail the lakers 92-79 with just under four minutes remaining in the third.

Tyler Herro (20) is the youngest player to start in an NBA Finals game. 
Before tonight, Magic Johnson had been the youngest player ever to start in the Finals.

Without Goran Dragic or Bam Adebayo, Miami Heat starters for Game 2 are: Meyers Leonard, Jae Crowder, Tyler Herro, Duncan Robinson and Jimmy Butler.

Erik Spoelstra said he had to play the roles of both “coach and parent” over the last 24 hours in deciding whether or not Bam Adebayo and Goran Dragic would play in game 2. 
“They were both lobbying to play and we almost had to take the decision out of their hands,” he said.

The Miami Heat officially list Bam Adebayo (neck) and Goran Dragic (foot) as out for Game 2 against the Lakers. 
@wojespn previously reported that Adebayo was out.

Coach Kyle Kuzma preparing for Game 2. 

More Butler on having an uphill climb after an ugly Game 1: 
“Everybody probably thought (the Lakers) were gonna do that to us anyway. 
They probably think they’re gonna do it to us three more times in a row.  
I beg to differ.”

Jimmy Butler, reacting to the mounting Heat injuries: 
“They say when it’s bad, when it rains, it pours.  
All in all, though, we’re still expecting to win.  We got here for a reason.  
We realize we belong...”

Headed into Game 1 of the Finals, Goran Dragic was the overall leading scorer on the Heat this postseason, and had the second-highest plus-minus on the Heat this postseason, behind only Bam Adebayo, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

To contextualize what Bam Adebayo and Goran Dragic mean to the Heat statistically: 
Miami had a different leading scorer in each of the first three rounds of the playoffs: 
Goran Dragic in the 1st, Jimmy Butler in the 2nd and Bam Adebayo in the Conference Finals.

Jimmy Butler is wearing a wrap on his left ankle during his press conference today. 
After yesterday’s game he said he was a “little bit sore” after turning his ankle but would “be okay.”

Erik Spoelstra said that while Bam’s injury is on his left side — the same side he tweaked in Game 4 against the Celtics in the ECF — this is a new injury. 
The previous injury was in Bam’s shoulder/arm.

The Miami Heat say Bam Adebayo had an MRI that showed a neck strain.

Goran Dragic and Bam Adebayo are listed as doubtful for Game 2 of the NBA Finals in this afternoon’s injury report.

New @ESPN story on an injury-ridden Game 1 of the NBA Finals for the Miami Heat: URL

immy Butler, reacting to the news Dragic has a plantar tear in his left foot:
"Be ready to go with or without Goran... 
We are capable of it. We have to be capable of it."

Bam Adebayo’s shoulder the X-rays were negative, the team says.

Bam Adebayo has suffered a "shoulder strain" per @Rachel__Nichols and will not return. Dragic is also officially out for the night.

After briefly having his shoulder looked at on the sidelines, Bam Adebayo appears to be headed back to the locker room.

Goran Dragic (left foot) is doubtful to return to Game 1, the Heat announce.

Butler stay in the game, but does appear to be favoring that ankle. 

Jimmy Butler is up after being on the ground clutching his left ankle. He is now limping off the court.

Bam Adebayo said yesterday he needs to avoid picking up "ticky-tack" fouls early and added: 
There can't be a second on the floor where they're playing harder than us. 
I feel like that's where our chance is." After Q1, the Lakers lead the Heat 31-28 and Adebayo has two fouls.

This is quite the fan section. 
In addition to former Chicago resident Barack Obama, who else do you spy? 

A virtual fan in the audience for Game 1 of the NBA Finals: Former President Barack Obama

Adam Silver said that “ideally” next season wouldn’t have to be played in a bubble, but acknowledged it is a very real possibility.

With only four black head coaches in the NBA currently, Adam Silver said that he knows the league “can do better, and I think we will do better.” 
Silver said the NBA has discussed a type of Rooney Rule, but ultimately decided that it didn’t make sense.

Adam Silver said he doesn’t see a COVID-19 vaccine as a prerequisite to bringing fans back into arenas. 
He said having better rapid return tests gives him hope that there could be fans at some point next season, even without a widely distributed vaccine.

At NBA Finals media day, Jimmy Butler says even if Miami wins a championship: 
“I’m not giving anybody free coffee. Ever.” 
Perhaps Little Face Coffee will.
ICYMI: 
@espn story on the Heat’s bubble barista battle: URL