Yes.
We also have to consider population life-months lost from lockdowns & other restrictions vs life-months lost from any given disease.
Sweden at zero deaths Oct 15 
Yes
Firmware is probably a slightly more accurate description, but yes
Mobi-C has too much mobility, fusion has too little.
We need Mobi-D haha.
Actually, it’s my neck …
Maybe I can be helpful.
Had Mobi-C disc put in at C5-C6, however 1st surgery failed to remove bone spur sticking into my spinal cord.
2nd surgery took care of it.
Recommend using Yelp or other online reviews of doctors.
Effectiveness varies widely.
Pretty accurate.
It’s not so much DNA sequencing as it is using synthetic DNA/RNA to fix bugs in our code & inform immune system what to attack.
London to Beijing would be cool
Wow, that would be quite a trip!
That’s my kid haha
Looks like snoopy
Current production is slightly better
Doesn’t seem to be any life in this solar system.
Maybe under the ice of Europa or extremophile bacteria below the surface of Mars.
Worth reading:https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drake_equation
Very creative
That free fusion reactor in the sky conveniently converts ~4 million tons of mass into energy every second.
We just need to catch an extremely tiny amount of it to power all of civilization.
You never know
After
😢
Also, system should autodelete old data automatically by default
Table in tension
Yes
Starting production on 7 seater next month, initial deliveries early December
The gauntlet has been thrown down! 
The prophecy will be fulfilled. 
Model S price changes to $69,420 tonight!
More great renderings! Significant improvements coming to the welds.
Congratulations!
Making progress
9 meter or roughly 30 ft diameter
Will be less roomy with 3 vacuum rocket engines added
It’s still there, but focus is Vegas &amp; Prufrock, our new tunneling machine
For sure
Maybe a month or so.
Some finishing touches need to be done on the stations.
We simplified this a lot.
It’s basically just Teslas in tunnels at this point, which is way more profound than it sounds.
Sweet …
Yes. Everything is slow to a phased array antenna.
Nice
“What is love? Baby don’t hurt me.”— Winston Churchill
Or maybe 2 weak turrets to allow more strategic degrees of freedom
Please buff Torb’s turret!
Um … yes
I have Goosebumps 2 merch. Not sure how tbh.
HG2G
LotR
🤘 The Illuminaughty 🤘