can I mix it for u
In n out is never not a good idea
That is correct.
I do still write me down, I’m just not limited by them ;)
Jon & Vinny’s is an S-TIER suggestion!
Ok - putting tacos in potential winners here.
I still have time.
We’re talking dinner.
I might pass on that one, chief
Fam do u have any caloric information on your pizzas?
Cheat meal today!!!!
What should I have????
Really all you hear in the car is third eye blind
Submission for the INSIDE OUT remix contest is now officially closed!
I can finally announce that EACH of the 3 winners will receive $10000 on top of an official release on @Interscope !
HUGE thanks to @discord for hosting this and thank YOU for submitting over 650 remixes!!!
❤️
Making progress 💪
I'M HERE ANSWERING QUESTIONS RIGHT NOWWWW! 
......it is literally a cash prize
♥️
I already mentioned that to my team. 
I literally don’t even own the rights to my music since I’m signed to interscope. 
Apparently the contract was drafted between my legal team and discord’s legal team.
Makes 0 sense to me but there probably is some reason why it’s that way ig
I apologize for getting heated.
And I apologize for the language in there being so misleading. 
I’m not a lawyer and don’t understand why it is written as is.
I’m sure it could have been done much better.
100% agree it’s super misleading.
I have no clue why it is written as is- this is what the lawyers of all parties agreed to.
I don’t know why.
The fact is that we were told not to mention the cash prize for legal reasons so we didn’t.
I’m not a lawyer.
1) I don’t own the rights to the remixes- interscope does as they own all rights to my own music and all remixes. 
2) I didn’t write the legal language obviously, but I AGREE it’s terribly misleading 
3) there is a cash prize for all 3 winners but it is illegal to disclose
YES there is!
CAN YOU NOT READ?
I’m literally stating that the legal language is there to protect all parties!!
I’m saying I DID remixes and played shows for free- not that other people are meant to do that. 
Don’t be ignorant.
(And that top part is NOT me btw!)
if u’re just trying to get clout and your Twitter coins: congratulations.
If u’re actually interested in the reality:
The is a large compensation for all 3 winners.
The legal language is confusing and imo entirely misleading but we were told not to disclose it the prize amount
For it to be an international contest the cash amount CANNOT be disclosed as it’s above the allowed max amount for all countries to be a part of it (see below).
If u wanna know more there’s more details on discord.
No it’s not.
I definitely agree the wording could have been done way clearer.
But I’m not a lawyer and certainly don’t write these “rules” or know the laws. 
I was asked to choose between announcing the cash prize and make it US only or not mention it and make it international.
ownership is gonna be interscope, as they 1) gonna release the remixes and 2) own the rights to my music and all remixes of my songs
Your mind will be BLOWN when u find out what the winners actually get.
U can read up on the issue of why you’re not allowed to announce prizes that are above a certain number here:
I agree with you 100%. 
It saddens me a lot when people talk shit about discord or myself while they absolutely don’t know anything about how things work.
I obviously wasn’t involved in any of the legal language but I agree it looks weird.
The reality is very different though.
Discord legal didn’t allow us to announce the winner cash prizing for an INTERNATIONAL contest cuz it was in excess of a certain amount for certain countries
Trust me.
I was really bummed when I was told I can’t announce the best part of the contest.
Because I wanted this to be accessible for ALL countries and not just the US.
I don’t get the legal bullshit and if it was up to me it would have been clearly announced to everyone but apparently that was not legal proof.
in other words - discord IS providing an HUGE price for the 3 winners.
I don’t understand the legal side of it but before u judge, there is more to it than u think.
Trust me- the winners will be very happy and u can take their word for it.
Discord legal notified us that we could not announce cash prizing because outside of the US you have to adhere to each countries rules for prizing and some do not allow cash prizing and some don’t allow it in excess of a certain amount.
DOING MY FIRST @reddit AMA TOMORROW!
I’m gonna select 1 PERSON who RETWEETS and replies why I should choose YOU to win this signed NEW @Xbox controller AND a 6 month Ultimate Xbox Game Pass.
You have until 6PM PT tomorrow GO GO GO GOOOOOOOOOOOO 🎮