Proud to have co-hosted a fundraiser for @HarrisonJaime.
One of my favorite things about him — after graduating from Yale on scholarship, but before he went on to law school, he went back to his home town and worked as a teacher for a year at his own high school.
Good guy.
Any writers around?
Prompt for you:
In exactly 2 sentences, write a story about finding life on this little purple planet.
Write 'em here: LINK 
Any voice actors out there who speak a language other than English?
Need you here: LINK 
Show me a photo of yourself that you love.
One where you felt extra happy or confident.
Post here: LINK 
It's for a @hitrecord project led by Portis Wasp, an awesome collage artist.
If you have a sec, take a look at the other prompts in this project as well. 👏
Can you tell a story sad enough to make someone cry in *exactly* 4 words?
Give it a shot here: LINK 
Cool little writing prompt:
The best bargain I've ever gotten was on ________. Finish the sentence here: LINK 
A little late night writing prompt:
What was one of your biggest splurges? 💰
Tell the story here: LINK 
What's the *saddest* photo in your camera roll?
Show me here: LINK 
This shot's by @/Estelduhart 🌨
Pull up the most recent photo in your camera roll, and post it here: LINK 
These are always pretty interesting to look through.. like a little peek into each other’s lives.
This one’s from @/DMaxF on hitrecord.
Looking for goofy photos of dogs for a project 🐶 If you've got a good one, post it here: LINK 
What's the best advice you can give in *exactly* 4 words?
Write yours here: LINK 
anyone want a writing prompt?
As I step into the unknown, _____________.
quick little creative challenge to make you feel good: 
Use your camera phone to take a photo of something small and ordinary near you.
Like a pen, or a leaf, or a fork.
Try to make the photo as artful as possible.
Then post it here: LINK 
Looking for a voice actor who can WHISPER this scary story: LINK 
Love this one 🎃 
It's for our Halloween project w/ Jessica Alba.
You don’t need me to tell you how important this upcoming election is.
Here’s the first video from  @HITRECORD’s collaboration with the @ACLU
: Voting rights for voters with disabilities.
#KnowYourVotingRights
In 5 words, describe how a specific technology has improved your life — without actually mentioning what tech it is.
Post here: LINK 
Then read what others have said.
See if you can guess a few.
Should be interesting...
Show me a cool photo you've taken on a hike.
Post it here: LINK 
This one's from @/Mhere.
Love the moody vibes.
Quick little writing prompt, in case you wanna get your mind off everything for a sec... 
Write a poem that begins with "In the subway, my mind wanders to..." 
Post it here: LINK 
If I had all the money in the world, I'd buy ___________. 
Finish the sentence here: LINK 
already excited to read through these...
think we're gonna get some interesting answers. 💸
also, check out this behind-the-scenes vid.
always fun to see how the g-bros work their magique 
#AccentOnTheYO
A wise man once said "debates are better as musicals..." 
If we #TurnTexasBlue, Trump is through.
$38 for 38 electoral votes.
Grab your phone and take a photo of something orange, OR find a photo of something orange in your camera roll.
Once you find it, post it here: LINK  🍊
It's for our project with John Lithgow... :)
Photo by @/punklove33 on HITRECORD
Go into your camera roll and find a photo you've taken of the sky where you live.
Post it here: LINK 
Gathering these for our #TrumptyDumpty project w/ John Lithgow :) 
This one's by @/Emma-Sheryl on HITRECORD 📷
Join us to learn about opportunities to pursue a green jobs career, and hear how Biden will expand clean energy jobs.
9/30 at 7pm ET.
RSVP here: LINK  
#BuildBackBetter
Looking for voice actors for this new project with 
@JohnLithgow:
Record yourself reading his poem #TrumptyDumpty Wanted a Crown.
Feel free to put your own spin on it.
Check out the script here: LINK 
Btw, the full video with me and @JohnLithgow is too long for twitter, but you can watch it here: LINK 
Now we’re doing a @HITRECORD project inspired by his new book, #TrumptyDumpty Wanted A Crown.
If you feel like doing some acting, reading rhymes, delivering dark political satire against a despotic president that deserves to be dethroned, come jump in:
Beyond my family, perhaps the most influential people in my whole life were the kind souls who guided me through a blessed & weird adolescence as I acted on #3rdRockFromThe Sun.
@JohnLithgow taught me so much about being funny, being an artist, and being a good human.
Show me a photo of something that always puts you in a good mood.
No matter how shitty your day’s been.
Post it here: LINK 
@/henrivieira posted this photo of a record player — gotta say, I agree.
Looking for a voice actor who can whisper this short script: LINK 
Looking for a voice actor who can whisper this short script: LINK 
It’s for a Halloween project we’re working on w/ Jessica Alba 🎃
4-word advice for my younger self: LINK 
Let's play a game: Ruin a wedding toast in one sentence.
Bracing for the chaos.
Post your answer here so I see it: LINK 
I made up a super power.
If I could choose one for myself, it'd be this: LINK 
Voice actors!
I'm looking for people to read these lines out loud.
Beginners welcome.
All you need is a phone.
Who's up for it?
Info here: LINK 
Wrote a little poem in response to the prompt, "What makes a person beautiful?"
Best feeling as a parent..
a quick creative prompt to get your mind off things for a second...
Voice actors, read this sentence aloud as if you're talking about a relationship you will never get back.

We should sense a broken heart in your voice.
Any vegetarians or vegans out there who like to write?
Got a project for you: LINK 
In exactly 4 words, what's the worst possible advice you can give someone?
Compiling these for a project, so post… 
He didn’t pay any taxes, because he didn’t make any money.
He pretends to be a successful businessman, but he’s just not.
Last week I made an intro video explaining what @HITRECORD is all about: LINK 
Cool project that needs voice actors: LINK 
Another Halloween throwback.
A couple years ago I was the baker who bakes til the dawn, so we can have cake in the morn...
A cool @HITRECORD project needs your photos of clouds ☁️ Find a good one in your phone and hit me w/ it here: LINK 
Today's 7 years since the premiere of Don Jon.
Time really flies..
My quarantine hair.
Bet a bunch of you can relate...
watching this on repeat 
Give some good advice in exactly 4 words.
Compiling a bunch of these here: LINK 
Need a voice actor to read these four words out loud in an enthusiastic voice: LINK 
Looking for cool photos of California for a new project.
If you've got a good one, post it here: LINK 
Halloween 2019.
Worked all day and into the night, disappointed to miss most of the holiday.
But stopped into CVS on my way home and picked up a cheap makeup kit and smudged this on real quick, standing on the corner, no mirror.
Here's what it looked like: LINK 
First Stars I See Tonight, a short film we made awhile back for #HITRECORDonTV, starring Elle Fanning.
Loved this one — it's based on a true story.
I wanna see how many of you I can get to do this simple writing prompt.
Takes a few seconds.
Here's all you have to do...
Write a happy story in 4 words.
Post here: LINK 
I wrote some short-form fiction about a guy with writer's block (yeah, yeah, I know): LINK 
Got any cool tattoos?
If so, I need you here: LINK 
I was just reading through old writing and stumbled on this from almost 10 years ago.
Thought it'd be fun to revive: LINK 
This is a dare (no cheating): Paste the last thing you copied with no explanation.
It's better without context.
Down to play along?
If so, paste it here: LINK 
what's the happiest photo you've ever taken?
show me here: LINK 
Wrote this a long time ago..
(Very) short story called "Long Distance Relationship": LINK 
Nobody should be blocked from the ballot because they lack acceptable ID.
@VoteRiders provides eligible voters with reliable and up-to-date information about voter ID rules in their state.
Check out their page to see how you can help: LINK 
Looking for someone who can write a sad story in only four words: LINK 
Show me your favorite photo taken while traveling ✈️ Post it here: LINK 
Excited to check these out.
This awesome shot of Girona, Spain is by @/rubendvillegas 📷
Re: racial bias in police brutality.
I wrote this a few months ago: LINK 
Just another super weird project looking for voice actors: LINK 
(I love it)
If you have a cute pet, I need you here: LINK 
A confession...
What's one movie that's guaranteed to make you cry every time you watch it?
Gimme the title here: LINK 
Looking for voice actors for a project about climate change: LINK 
The climate is changing, and I _________.
Finish the sentence here: LINK 
Stop whatever you're doing and show me the most recent photo you've taken of your pet 🚨 Post 'em all here: LINK 
This is a song I made up that I sing to my baby when he's crying.
It's in French.
@/BeyondTheGarage started a project to make music out of the little ditties parents come up with and sing to their kids.
I love this idea.
a few things you may not know about me: LINK 
Very happy to be part of @CE4Biden's upcoming #BuildBackBetter Green Jobs Happy Hour.
Join us to learn about opportunities to pursue a green jobs career & hear how Biden will expand clean energy jobs. 9/30 at 7pm ET.
RSVP here: LINK 
Gone full hippie ✌️ ☮️ 🌈 🌸 
#shavingexperiments
If you can speak a language other than English, I'd love to hear you perform a voice over of this: LINK 
I'm always posting about @HITRECORD, so here's a quick video explaining what it's all about.
Simply put, HITRECORD’s a place to be creative, together. :)
Best feeling as a parent.
Trailer’s here!
 The #TrialOfTheChicago7, written and directed by Aaron Sorkin.
In select theaters September and on @Netflix October 16. 
Career breakdown w/ @VanityFair. 
this was a fun trip down memory lane. 
New #photooftheday project on hitrecord..
Idea is that you take and post one photo a day.
Doesn't have to be anything special — the point is just to carve out a few minutes to be creative.
Post 'em here: LINK 
Looking for a few people who...
1) are interested in voice acting 
2) can read this line as though you're completely fed up
The Vinyl Project just launched :) Looking for cool photos of vinyl collections, record players, or your favorite records.
Show me what you got here: LINK  
Today’s #NationalVoterRegistrationDay.
Pause whatever you’re doing for a moment to update your voter registration.
It shouldn’t take you more than two minutes, and it’s never been more important.
You can do it online here: LINK 
Love this voice acting prompt — all you need to do is say two words in a funny voice.
Give it a shot: LINK 
✈️💔
Let's fight for her like she fought for us.
Donate: LINK 
Register: LINK 
Volunteer:LINK 
Writing prompt: What's this girl thinking?
post your ideas here: LINK  
My 10 favorite movies: LINK 
Nothing beats walking in nature.
Show me a cool photo you've taken while hiking!
 Post here: LINK 

