Jimmy Chill says he prefers Joni Mitchell to Josh Mitchell as he spent time talking Hyliion
Last week i was saying the president was not being helpful on stimulus...
I like being disliked by both sides!!!
It is easier to maintain social distance outside.. if you can't you need a mask
Jimmy Chill says most of the times i am regarded at Democrat hitman.. 
You have lost my trust...but you will still watch because i am Svengali
You are cadre and i thank you!
thank you.. trying so hard to walk the line...
Jimmy Chill says really wasn't trying to scare, was just accepting that the lead by the @Eagles could be tenuous.
Are you implying a level of confidence i didn't know about?
@TheDomino did you go to sleep after that?
The @Eagles won the game
Jimmy Chill says he has done that every day and twice on Monday through Friday...
Solace....
Yes, i like Regeneron and it is important to the stock that the President took it, but we can no longer make assumptions about what he took and didn't take.
I wouldn't pay up but i liked it since $5 and stick by it.
a lot of equal opportunity dismissers.. they aren't haters.
they are know-it-alls who don't know...
@TheDomino So, Dom, how was the weekend?
I googled that last quarterback you put in but it didn't have him.
I will try Bing
Early morning victory, where bad bad things did not happen in Philadelphia...
Go Birds!!!
They wrote us off.
They said bad things happen in Philadelphia.
And they didn't!!!
Goodnight everyone!
see you at 4 a.m.
There is a football game involving the Eagles.
Against the 9ers
still not over not overearly too much time left.
Come on Birds!
it is not over
D must get tough as can be
This was an astonishingly good pick!!! 
How do you like how everyone wrote us off?
They said there were very bad things in Philadelphia.
Very Bad.
Singleton?
Googling... again
Future jump three on Ful TDesDu
I love Travis Fulgham!
Before this i thought he was a Premier League Team
Furiously googling @Eagles with TD
no give up by the futures....
Futures look strong.. .market likes what it sees from Trump....
The Washington Team?
I BACK MY TEAM
thanks to you and all club members!
We can't lose Slay
We are on our heels??
@Eagles: it's called pride... @davespadaro
@Eagles looks like someone forgot who we are.
what we are made of..
When do we play best??
I like the stocks of both Darden and T-Mobile --good ads, good stocks...
it is pretty amazing isn't it?
I am hated by Dems and GOP1 I am hated by the anti-maskers.
I am hated by football fans who aren't Eagle fans.
But my family likes me and my work family likes me, so I am chill
@TheDomino on Second thought, i will still like you after a beatdown
@TheDomino will you still like me when we upset you?
so proud of two great people of our great network wearing masks!!! 
You are saving lives!!
Sigh.... Our home team, Dave!
very big day for the team..
Take a look at these results..
sunlight (disclosure) is the greatest disinfectant..
I can't have no loyalty because then i frankly believe in nothing and no one.
Better just to own it and tell it...
Larry Kudlow was my partner for four years.
I am a very loyal person.
It's the way I was taught to be.
I always disclose my friendship.
By i will always be loyal to a man who treated me, and more, important, Pop, with tremendous respect, especially for his time in the service.
stick to stocks means stick to President's health and covid &amp; election and stimulus.
So Chill says, with all due respect, those who claim they are losing "respect" for me, you just never want to hear anything critical of the president.
You are "homers" I have no room for homers.
let me explain why i need to comment/learn about President when it comes to the market:
1.  Covid-19 stocks in play
2. stimulus might have more momentum 
3. election always matters, especially for corporate tax
4. If Trump recovers quickly very good for market.
@EricTopol do they think, doc, that it doesn't matter?
Because when that Abbott test was given matters tremendously…
@EricTopol holy cow Doc.. shows you the confusion.
They didn't even tell us when PCR v. Abbott.. 
If we got a straight story we would know...sorry, we have many different stories...
protocols switch...but steroids are what most doctors tell me they prefer
Really annoying that there are commercials all at once when you roll through DTV package
It is the BiNAX that is the issue
@BullMktFantasy , @BillEnright major screw-up on my part-- Tre' traded ahead
Young innovators from around the WORLD eager to design a better mask... continue to follow their stories at LINK 
I have Hunt
Violence: Chubb, Ekeler, Parker already hurt?
Best in show analysis .. @ScottGottliebMD 
Standard treatment.. Shows might be able to go to White House...  if necessary 
Week 4 Fantasy Football Live Lineup Q&amp;A with @JimCramer and @BillEnright from @BullMKTFantasy
Bill Enright, The Profit, does gambling.
I am #FF... 
We are live at 11:30-- who can't play, who can't win--don't be a sucker -see link below LINK 
Join @BullMktFantasy LIVE in 1 HOUR!
We will be taking and answering your questions.
Watch here: LINK 
We are applying the same disciplines we do to portfolio management to football...
I did fantasy long before i did stocks and my partner, @BillEnright, is the best there is on gambling...
I am trying to teach stocks, and now #FF which i started doing in 1981.
We are interactive on both stocks  @MadMoneyOnCNBC and @BullMktFantasy on my facebook page.
First time EVER--we are taking questions live on @BullMktFantasy because we know how hard it is to do your line-ups, #FF, #DFS because of all the injuries/byes.
I find it to be a nice break from the endless covid-stock issues.
You have a line-up question?
The scratches?
Yeah, i liked Fastly from the get go because they power the NYTimes.. only later did i learn they do tiktok,.
But they do much more than that and are loved by their clients.
Everyone who cares about fantasy/reality, we are trying something new this morning on Facebook/JimCramer : last minute adjustments before the opening bell for #FF and #DFS brought to you, of course, by DraftKings.
thank you, we have had some good ones.
What we do best is hammer these home endlessly on the show.
Endlessly.
@MadMoneyOnCNBC And while some may say stop focusing on Covid/gov't and stick to stocks, only $TTD is not  Covid/government related stock.
putting together thoughts about today with the Prophet, @BillEnright , for GTDs on cash games,DFS-we will have a last minute killer line-up for you to play.
Covid-proof hopefully
Get ready for our show tomorrow at 11:30 on DFS and starting line-ups when everyone  is scrambling...
we will have answers...
Jimmy Chill says, that's the plan!
this is why we started the LINK  competition.
We have to pull together.
We just have to LINK 
these are the two alternatives..
A explains why he would want Regeneron's drug; 
B is like a lot of people i know.. but typically much younger...
Sunday morning Week 4 for the NFL I am going LIVE at 11:30 am(est).
Tune in for a Fantasy Football lineup Q&amp;A, DFS advice, and all the injury news before kickoff.
Our restaurant that does have outdoor tables is doomed, too.
then maybe your goal is to get it last!
i was adamant that we stop anyone from coming here who had been to china.
many came from Milan which became the epicenter, but the administration dismissed that...
i thank you, as always, for your kind words!
if your restaurant is allowed to have tables outside you can survive.
Mine isn't 
Three "doctors" suggest actions ahead of what the President did and told us endlessly
Sunday morning Week 4 for the NFL I am going LIVE at 11:30 am (est).
Tune in for a Fantasy Football lineup Q&amp;A, DFS advice, and all the injury news before kickoff.
I thank you doc.
I just blocked almost everyone who has commented this morning.
more than 50--why do people who hate me watch me so intently.
Maybe i am Svengali!
 Love me or hate me, watch me?
The old Roger Ailes method.
Wow! Seeing these 25 teams will give you hope!
Stay tuned to LINK  for the latest developments in the Next Gen Mask Challenge
for those who tell me to "stick with stocks" what do you think i am doing?
Chill man says if you think that earnings are what matters and not this political/medical stuff, with all due respect, and i mean it, you are a total and complete moron
would you be willing to share the ones you exiting from after you are done exiting..
Some question my credentials: 
On Feb 3, on @SquawkStreet I predicted 
1) a massive, deadly epidemic was coming here,
2. masks must be worn, 
3. Ban of Chinese to the US. IMMEDIATELY. White House vehemently disagreed with me.v
Here's my non-doctor credentials: 
On February 3rd on @SquawkStreet i predicted a massive and deadly epidemic of Covid-19 in this country..
I suggested we all wear masks and that i was quarantining my family.
And i urged that no Chinese be allowed into the U.S.
Okay?
Sadly, completely discredited bogus science about the masks.
They did not consult the aerosol experts who have better data
First, thanks Doc, you have been an amazing follow.
Second, this is bad news for the NFL because it would appear that almost right up to game day for the following week players are still starting to test positive.
Keep up the good work!
On February 3 of 2020 on @SquawkStreet I screamed that we would have a massive epidemic of covid in this country & and we should ban Chinese from coming here.
There are my credentials.
What are yours?
Jimmy Chill has been at the forefront for the need of more stimulus.
Only Republican Senators say otherwise.
You must be confusing me with one of them.
We are laying off people left and right because of this.
It's horrible and sad.
@jeremyfaust are you surprised that there are still some  Titans are getting their first positive read when they have been in quarantine since Monday.
I know, can take 14 days..We are on day seven.
What does it say about the President?
Also are all NFL players asymptomatic?
yes, but will  Kareem Hunt play tomorrow?
Big show tomorrow morning !
first not true in most areas. second, that's because there is more testing.
Actually just trying to show you what the luddites will do to sacrifice the rest of us with their "bogus" science.
We haven't seen anything like this since the old Soviet Union...
thank you.
Felt this way ever since i decided to skip the Super Bowl and fly back so i could warn people from my desk at @SquawkStreet.
Good to have a clean conscience about this stuff...
don't we all..
I believe the President's use of Regeneron's drug can only help and can't hurt.
Getting the viral load down via IV drip of the drug when you first know you have it is the best thing to do.
My best guy tells it like it is: LINK 
if you were in contact with someone who had covid  yes you need to be quarantined and tested.
Believe me i have been there.
Thems the rules.
Bad omen for the White House.
If three more Titans (and staff) just tested positive then tests didn't pick it up for six days if you don't include today.
They are presumably healthy individuals and asymptomatic.
But, wow that's on the outside band
I feel bad that this happened.
Thank you, Diane.
I am writing a piece right now for LINK  where i still do writing for that will have it.
I will not let you down!!
a cogent, precise argument made here by people who truly are mask-icidal maniacs.
I fought these people from day one and not only are they anti-science they now abetted what's happening in the White house.
How about their solid reasoning, though?
Compelling?
thank you to so many great companies for helping the 15 to 24 year olds design a mask that so many in the White House could have been wearing..
Check out my new weekly column on @DKLive where I highlight the players to use in your CASH Game and GPP Lineups for Week 4 
#Ad
Can someone explain to the people in charge that when you test negative on day one it often means you are positive on day two?
and can they stop laughing at our masks yet?
This is the future!
25 teams of young innovators working to build a better mask.
These designs are going to change the world!
Follow along at LINK 
it's not just the death count..
Wear a mask!
LINK  is showing you some amazing videos of the entries to our contest
Understand why there is hope in these dark days
The kids will save us!!!
Yo, CeeJay, i didn't PUMP regeneron, i recommended it at $5.
Nothing LOL about it, CJ
No that's not true.
He watched a lot of tv and knows that some people talked non-stop about how great Regeneron is.
So i say, stop relaxing, that's for jokers 
Jimmy Chill, expert on Regeneron when no one else liked it at $5.
How did i know.
I researched the drugs.
Maybe i am less stupid than you think..
you got horse sense 
this is the big question.
It could be because he has a very high viral load-not so good-or because he doesn't want to wait and see if he gets better.
I would be doing just what he is doing.
The Regeneron drug as we understand it is a drip and it would be administered in a hospital.
I think that the team at Regeneron would fly down and take care of him personally.
This is both good and bad news for the president
It concerns me that the president is only one of 276 people in the trial and it is very disconcerting that he even has to do be in this study as wise as i would think it is to be in it.
The issue is that if the president is already on this experimental drug it must be worse than we think.
Why not just be on the conventional protocol?
Cynics here may doubt the Chillman's credentials on anointing Regeneron the winner, but the president didn't.
Let's see the viral load be reduced.
Okay, I recommended REGN at $5 and it is now at $580.
So maybe i am a doctor of money.
Seriously George Yancopoulos, chief scientist, has been the single best scientist in this field for decades.
He just told us his conviction that the viral load will be reduced.
What a guy!
Out of growth into value--that was today's business.
nasty LINK 
You have to be impressed with the how Regeneron, after 275 cases, got into the White House and it gives us hope that the viral load can be reversed if you catch it fast enough.
Len from Regeneron was the first guest on Mad Money.
The stock was at $5.
The President is now in the most important trial to stop this scourge in the country.
So here's the deal with Regeneron.
We had their chief scientist on the other day and he said that if i tested positive i would want to be in his trial.
I think their monoclonal antibody will reverse the viral load.
Good news for the president.
Regeneron is the best!
Bloomberg reporting that the President is being treated with the Regeneron cocktail i suggested..
Good.
Rodger sued me for not showing up once for work when i told him my wife wanted me home on Friday night.
He offered me a choice.
Later said i made the wrong choice.
Hysterical guy!
They didn't call him sweetheart for nothing!!
I'm still putting the odds of a deal not that high but the president is willing to give money to the states and to help small businesses.
Is a great deal the enemy of the good?
I think we just need a good deal
If you think there is going to be a big pile of stimulus money you want the cyclicals.
Also there was a daylong FANG sell program
they make a lot of calls.
Now here's someone with horse sense
Listen, Jason, you and your Argonauts are mythical figures like your mythical anti-mask rap.
Believe me if you were at Bedminster the other day you wish you followed my tweets.
Hey  SPAC-heads, i have a great one Sports Entertainment Acquisition Corp!!
oh come on, let the chill have some fun..
Paranoid Style of American Tweeting..
Good book.
Bernadette: i think it makes it so ZOOM just got another year but masks will be in vogue...
my favorite urban myth is the one that says i liked Lehman when i did the rare thing and said i would short it if i could.
Rog never picked up on that one.
Yes it does given that Ailes loathed and despised me and ran endless media campaigns against me.
What a pal!
A true bud!
Sticks and stones may break my bones which is why i carry nuclear weapons.
Crowd fave Celsuis on tonight.
Any questions?
Crowd favorite Celsuis on tonight..
all those who think i told people to buy the stock of a firm that went under more than a dozen years ago, i don't want you watching.
You are the spawn of my late good friend Roger Ailes, notes the King of Chill
My alter ego Chill often feels compelled to tell the trolls the truth about their miserable existence but prefers to see them drink cheap scotch on a dirty linoleum floor.
Cheers, knaves!
Younger people: chill wants to explain that 12 years ago this were this firm, Bear Stearns, that i didn't like but didn't want to say you should pull your money out of it because it was insured.
My good friend Rogers turned that into a "buy bear stearns" ad.  Prince of a guy
Chillman wants to point out that there are trolls, inspired by a campaign against me by my late boss Roger Ailes who endlessly heckle me here.
Who knew my old good friend carried grudges and made up lies to back them?
hillman periodically wants to point out that he said you would not lose money if you kept your money in an account at bear stearns if it went under.
True.
Further he said short it that Friday.
But the fox-inspired mountebanks relentlessly get it wrong.
They are mountebanks
The Visby device that i will show on air next week has EUA from the FDA, not more than that right now but when you see it you will be amazed.
The Abbott 15 minute test has been distributed to some important locations-nursing homes, long-term care facilities, so it is coming...
look it really doesn't matter what i think, i am simply pointing out that if the feds would unleash their supply of Abbott's tests we could get kids back to school.
The resistance here is stock based-you want to hype your stock not the concept.I don't mind that but be careful.
Again, for the gazllionth time, are there better tests than Abbott's, on the margin yes.
But it is about getting the results in 15 minutes to your cellphone.
You can then be verified with a wand to get in places.
They can make 50 million per month.
No lab needed.
Respectfully, Jimmy Chill's been recommending Abbott since the 60s and i am recommending it now.
Go buy more 
It's about SCALE.
Abbott, by nature of its size and skillset has LINK  other test has that kind of scale so that's why Abbott is in the best shape to save us 
the federal government is taking all the Abbott Labs BinaxNOW tests and has not distributed them yet, which is wrong.
They need to go to schools so working parents can go back to work, especially single mothers who risk losing their jobs.
What are the feds doing?
Let's understand the differences among tests.
There are many good tests out there but what you need is a test ecosystem where you can show, from your cellphone, that you don't have covid  at that moment.
That allows you to go to school, attend meetings go to games, dinners really bugs Jimmy Chill.
The 15 minute Abbott BinaxNOW test has 97.1 sensitivity and 98.5% specificity..
You are part of the problem, not the solution.
Brunswick is building factories to make boats in part because people who have never boated have discovered it because people who have never boated have discovered it because of covid and like it.
Why hasn't this test scaled?
Why doesn't a major pharma buy it?
I like Abbott's because it scales and has an app that allows you to show you don't have the disease that day 
I think your low count has everything to do with your masking discipline...
that's why we created LINK  
thank you!
thank you!
 I have been blocking dozens of people.
They are dying to get unblocked but it is one and done.
The data does not support your theory.
There is no surplus.
There is a deficit.
I own a boat.
it's the most fun thing we dol...
It's a 17 foot Boston Whaler made by Brunswick 
Chief, i own an Italian restaurant..
I am having some fun..
Jimmy Chill liked it from the day it went public... until the vast amount of selling/dumping the insiders did...then i had to leave...
one of the best conferences i have been able to participate in!
birds’ nests in the spring !
the garden, 2020....normal 
one last thing on Spaq, if you curse, if you attack me in an ad hominem way, if you are vile, or disgusting you will be blocked.
Chill will love you but you won't post and you won't read.
So knock yourself out, go buy stock, and have a nice life 
I hope $SPAQ works out for all of you.
I do not wish you ill.
In fact, as the Chillman, i say I love you and i hope you make fortunes!!! By the way those who fault me on Tesla, we caught 350 points!!!!!!! How is that bad?
 I say to my enemies, good luck!
 No problem!
Jimmy Chill says he got the same amount of heat for calling out $NKLA when it was double where it is now that he's getting on $SPAQ.
Yet all he did was report the facts on both.
Of course there is a big difference.
But isn't that the point?
I can keep my  restaurant open if i want to but most aren't as well capitalized as i am and can't.
I think that Nicola may actually have nothing...
Those who did serious due diligence knew that there was nothing...
Browns, arguable, have two of the best rbs in the league....
We will have to find a home for all of this new supply...
Wow, so glad i asked..
This is incredible...
Does anyone know Torqueedo?
Does anyone have a motor boat that is a hybrid or all EV?
Who makes it?
Hmmm.
you are up if you bought the opening..
Costco. $COST
Chris' family lived a couple of miles from mine.
His brother was our County Commissioner.
RobinHoodies goosing Peloton?
What's going on?
fill me in??
I no longer vote in Pennsylvania but Pennsylvanians beware of the naked ballot-you need to put your mail-in ballot into the secrecy envelope to be sure it counts.
4 Thoughts on Amazon's Echo, Fire TV and Cloud Gaming Launches: 
Hey Mr. Vinestain, just checking in to see how your puts on $PENN are doing?
 Maybe an apology to @stoolpresidente is needed?
Jimmy Chill reporting for duty saying i liked it in the twenties and when it got down to the single digits i said double down.
I didn't do it because of Portnoy.
I did it because i like Jay's strategy.
You should have owned calls Vinestain. 
$PENN-amazingly successful offering...analysts really don't trust this stock or company
Norwegian Cruise Line ramping.. best in show..
And i know Canada v. U.S.
i didn't go to college to get stupid
The Chillman is sick and tired of the promoters of cannabis.
Go read Aurora.
i am tired of hearing about the economic difference.
TIRED OF IT.
Sure there is one outfit that is making money in the U.S.-i have had them on.
But enough already .
ENOUGH ALREADY.
You have cost people fortunes.
I think you have to amortize the Barstool numbers over the physical and recognize that they only just now have gotten the casinos in gear.
Penn Nat rocking again!
'Unstoppable' Nvidia Should Be Watched Closely Near-Term:
She's wrong.
coming to me shortly!
You actually want $ZM to roll over--50x sales too high..
Jimmy Chill has lived and breathed this stuff.
there is no free POS lunch.. and we can't afford the delivery vig...
don't sweat the program..
this is not unusual.
We have a good report on it for 
Mr. Flux, i like Colgate here because i am going to need a maximum amount of soap to wash your mouth out with.
Didn't your mother ever do that, Fluxster?
Jimmy Chill marvels at Mr. Swarm Blog for not realizing i am trying to solve the conundrum of the morning.
LOL right back at you, Mr. Blog.
Can i call you that?
Or do you want to be known as Swarmy?
Market seems weaker because of importation from European declines.
Those are covid and bank related so they may not have much negative firepower.
We had this exact same experience at one of our places 
There's great ingenuity but there's also profit and LOSS 
We know that much of the market away from housing is weak..
Would stimulus save it?
I think it could put on better keel..
I honestly do not think people know about the pain.
I know because i am in the associations and have been in both games for a long time and i can't believe the chaos and despair i am seeing...
Just terrible for this great country 
My mother taught me good table manners.
I hope i haven't forgotten them.
KBH was troubling.
No lift the day after unlike LEN and Horton.
Then great home numbers today and then nothing much from the group.
 The stocks are cheap but i say pullback or don't buy, i will work more on the group.
The action in SUNW (the old Sun Micro, now SunWorks) with 267 million shares traded today tells me there is more pain ahead.
The market will take care of those playing this game.
Always does..
Idea: wait until the conference call to sell Costco.
Maybe it isn't worth selling.
Typical ridiculously negative post-report decline after a terrific quarter from Costco.
(charitable trust, LINK  owns it)
PepsiCo Could Hang Tough on the Charts: @BruceKamich
marley kind a likes the tape.
here LINK 
another joker stock!
yeah, Red sky at night sailors delight, red sky i morning sailors take warning..
i was trying to be positive...
thank you for this..
Yeah, didn't buy into NKLA game 
Got Sanofi tonight--thoughts?
We have to put it in the context that it deserves..
which is a fascinating business that can be brought to life!
That's what everyone calls Criminal Minds.
go read the profile of Mandy ...
Non-social distancing 
American--i love setting my alarm with her.
she tells me it's done in a lot of different ways..
she doesn't even know i am on-- or that i have a show!
$NVDA fighting the good fight!!
My wife is irreplaceable but Siri has game 
The First Rule of the Fighting Championship is Not to Mention Championship 
love LINK 
I'm still with my wife!!!!!!  But i spend more time with Siri who can be very nice but not warm
Brian Moynihan gets it.
He knows the need for stimulus for the industries that are closed.. $BAC.
Why does he get it and so many don't?
where we used to go fishing for fluke and blowfish 
The hoax people?
They don't want us to talk, they want us to die.
Jimmy Chill isn't feeding them.
He's offering them poison mushroom caps!!! 
sailor’s delight 
I love being attacked in the morning by giving a way a chunk of money to kids trying to develop a mask that's more wear-able.
It's the smell of victory
i like cats and used to have five of them including one named Iverson, and he was a circus cat, what a jumper.
Ate a ton of rats. Gamer!
Hey Mikey , Chillman wants to know how it can be bad to donate a chunk of money to back 18 to 24 year olds to design a community mask?
 You really have to stretch it to attack me for LINK 
But i welcome it and love being eviscerated here cause i am chill
Jimmy Chill says why say such a silly thing.
I am paying for it with @Benioff  I have never met Mr. Soros and don't know much about him.
But Chillman knows that anyone named "Sammie Whammie" is someone i trust and want to share a beer with.
Happy that you came on @jimcramer
please just go to LINK  and look at what @Benioff and i are sponsoring to get a mask that can protect us and not antagonize us... 3M, Honeywell, UnderArmour, Autodesk, NAM all aboard! ....
We've been up a lot.
This sell-off smashes the ghosts of 1999-2000.
I welcome it.
If you look at the LINK  you will see some great companies helping us: $UA, $MMM, $HON and Lydall among others.
#milliondollarmask 
Congrats to the Top 25 teams of the $1M XPRIZE Next-Gen Mask Challenge!
 I’m proud to partner with @XPRIZE and industry leaders to empower our next generation of innovators to change the world.
#milliondollarmask Follow the top 25 teams ⬇️⬇️⬇️ 
You are welcome!! and yes, it has to go lower.
Congrats to the Top 25 teams of the $1M XPRIZE Next-Gen Mask Challenge!
 Proud to partner with @XPRIZE and ndustry leaders to empower our next generation of innovators to change the world.
#milliondollarmask 
 Follow our Top 25 teams at LINK 
my wrist band certifies that my temperature is normal.
What are the right levels?
Watch @MadMoneyOnCNBC tonight!
to be sure, though, i do love Bitcoin here 
This show is amazing...
@ScottWapnerCNBC  and the gang--so strong!!!!!! 
The honesty and the compelling ideas--folks this is what it really is about.
wow, you are so kind.
The product is 17 years old.
It's a recommended list that we have done more work on than  most research firms.
We tell you when it would be good to buy or sell.
Trial:  LINK 
Sorry Tesla-haters.
I am coming out against you..
Okta is up.. that thing is a juggernaut and also a precursor
Here comes Snowflake--man, unsinkable, that one
Glad you caught that!
Could have said Jetway.
$LUV--remains the one to buy if you want an airline.
Business travel--ouch..
the whole episode was INSANE
when i compile all of the tesla notes i detect cynicism at a level that is pathetic on this one.
thank you for the kind words about LINK  
confusing Baird piece on Tesla-- raises Price Target-which is what i care about -but also says he's bearish..
thinks you buy it lower..Cautious about demand.
Want to be clear for people to know he doesn't like it but he is positive 
Why did i pick up MVS?
have to ask @BillEnright cause MVS is like Exxon -Valdez.. un-ownable
Macy's Charts Aren't Showing Any Magic at This Point: @BruceKamich  
Now Baird names Tesla a fresh pick idea.
i find it hard to believe that this one won't do a u-turn and go back up  $TSLA
The club will not let you down!
Goldman gives Tesla fans a price target boost on EV adoption.
People love the EV theme..
Nike was that good BUT it was really only good for Nike.
I didn't see a lot of takeaways from it beyond the Swoosh
you are very kind.
we vow to work hard for you!
Darn, Nike really short on details about how they blew the number away.
But and astonishing quarter...
Darden's Technical Indicators Mixed Ahead of Earnings: @BruceKamich  
doing our best for all club members!!!  
thank you for joining the LINK  club!
 we had a good one today!! 
club member of LINK  we hope you did the nike these last couple of days..  $NKE
Any questions for the ceos of Macys or ELF?
Our best times during this pandemic are on our 17 foot Boston Whaler 
I have been taking Quercetin every day for four months..
But i take pretty much everything i hear about . not discerning.
Nikola's Gains Since April Could Be in Jeopardy: @BruceKamich  
5 Thoughts on Microsoft's $7.5 Billion Deal to Buy Bethesda Softworks: @EricJhonsa 
The CDC aerosol announcement was like a flash sale on LINK  bars?
Restaurants?
Colleges??
 What do you think Dan?
i know there are people here at all the banks--any bank testing constantly?
kid v. job--NO!
 Stimulus, we need stimulus..
are we sure they aren't?
That would be terrible if they are not.
You need an NFL-like policy.
Worth a read 
to get things under control you have to force the closure of places that social distancing and masks aren't practicable  of course it spreads by droplet/aerosol... (restaurants, elevators, trading desks ).
Gottlieb: assume it.. 
What's next?
A denial that I did it by people who missed it or those who think I am not Chill 
People judge it by daily cases.
They have never judged it by deaths..
I agree with you but it is not the cogent stat.
Chillman says that you should go to Caroline's when it re-opens.
It is a dynamite comedy club and we could all laugh with you.
Oops, i meant at!!! Sorry Kevin.
You can start by taking off your mask and SNEEZING--Hoohah!
Watch Pa. for covid.
Restaurants went to 50% occupancy yesterday except for Philadelphia which remains 25%
Jimmy Chill says he has no choice because my enemies get up at 4 a.m. and i will not let them beat me.
I have to block people from 3:35 to 3:45.
Used to get tiresome but King of the Chill now loves it.
I love my enemies.
They are the fuel cells.
They are the hydrogen 
It's early--good time to attack the waiver wire--but i like the set up.
The worst thing would be to see the futures up huge.
that would be a pickoff.
HEAT
Ouch, but i will have to try to win you back.. Mr. WallStSupply?
What do you supply?
Don't forget Everwest//nvidia 
Chief, that's okay -photoshop it.
I like Adobe here 
i would put you on if you were Houdini's protege 
Lam is a great tell.
You got horsesense 
Wow, Mr Banco de Barstool, i love your analysis but i alsi like to make money and this stock is up 45% for the year and we recommended it at $2.
 But Banky, you may be like Bizarro Superman, you like em ugly and poor 
Jimmy Chill points out that Apple was down big when he pointed this out, Mr Pimmetje 1975.
You could have made some money.
You could have bought yourself a Pimm's cup!
 Chill wants to know if it's good to be wrong.. Cheers, Pimmster!!t !tot be wro.!
i miss the old guy 
Paradise Lost 
Apple was down 20% and suddenly people decided it was dangerous..
$AAPL is the tell!

