The 60 Minutes broadcast was a win for Biden. 
The President continues to get hurt on the Covid stuff. 
At this point, most Americans don’t trust the news media so I can’t assess the damage to the Trump-Pence ticket. 
Best election coverage on http://BillOReilly.com.
Norah O’Donnell does not challenge Kamala Harris mischaracterizing the Charlottesville situation. 
She should have. 
Also, she did not challenge Mr. Biden’s claim that Putin is behind the Hunter Biden stuff.
That is subtle unfairness.
Here’s a fair assessment of the 60 Minutes interviews.
Lesley Stahl asked President Trump a series of “you are screwing up” questions. 
Norah O’Donnell asked Biden open-ended questions where he was not on the defensive as Mr. Trump was and could give non-specific answers.
Lesley Stahl on 60 Minutes says President Trump’s accusation that his campaign was “spied on” is unverified. 
The Inspector General in the Justice Department reported a pattern of unethical federal behavior in surveilling the Trump campaign. 
That’s verification.
What does Joe Biden really think of America? 
Please read my new column just posted - https://t.co/8IC2Ht4KTl
I’m guarding https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C. 
Millions coming in to see what fair and smart election coverage looks like! 
Almost every news agency is scaling back. 
Cutting salaries. 
Not hiring.

Everyone but us. 
We're expanding. 
Because we have the best news analysis. No Spin.
Check out the @NoSpinNews free on http://TheFirstTV.com – or commercial-free & on-demand at http://BillOReilly.com.
Looks like last night’s debate coupled with financial suspicion about Joe Biden is helping President Trump.
BillOReilly.com has honest election coverage. 
Open to all this weekend. 
Plus, listen to my election analysis on the Glenn Beck radio show!
Just did a major interview with @glennbeck on the election. 
Check it out - https://t.co/BOFiIvBpHN
Want to see the best analysis of last night’s debate?  
It’s open to all now and through the weekend.  
Let me know if you DON’T think it’s the best and why - Bill@BillOReilly.com.

Biden says no one should go to jail for a pure drug offense. 
That includes selling heroine and methamphetamine.
Welker asks Biden a tough question about his incarceration of people for possession of narcotics.
Biden calls the ‘proud boys’ the ‘poor boys’.
Ms. Welker asking a loaded, out of context question on race to Donald Trump. 
First time she is blatantly unfair.
Trump scoring points on what he has done for African Americans.
Ms. Welker is now talking about the minimum wage. 
Why? 
That is a state issue.
Donald Trump should hit Biden with his plan to pay for health costs of illegal aliens but Mr. Trump has forgotten that.
Good question from Welker to Biden—'why haven’t you pushed the Democrats to make another stimulus bill?’
Now they’re arguing who tried to hurt Social Security. 
This kind of stuff is impossible for regular folks to calibrate.
Not learning anything from this health care stuff.
Why are we talking about North Korea? 
This seems to be a NBC News obsession. Nobody cares about North Korea.
The moderator Ms. Welker cutting Trump off every time he tries to talk about the emails that were printed in the New York Post.
Biden can’t answer the question about what he would do to hold China accountable.
Trump scores on insinuating that Biden takes money under the table from foreign governments.
Biden saying Trump has a secret bank account in China—Trump shaking his head no.
Trump now attacking Biden on the email-Hunter Biden situation.
Biden is saying that Rudy Giuliani is being fed information from Russia about Biden that is not true.
Didn’t learn much from the Covid stuff. 
Biden is lucid tonight and is making his points fairly clearly.
Trump scoring points saying all Biden supporters support shutdowns pointing to Democratic governors, like New York—which is devastating.
Biden blaming unemployment, school closures all on Trump but never saying how he would have stopped the virus. 
The President should ask that question directly, ‘how would you have stopped it?’
Trump taking a shot at Biden saying he made a lot of money some place. 
Referring to the Hunter Biden situation.
Biden says there is no prospect that a vaccine will be available.
Biden is not saying anything new either. 
He did blame Donald Trump for all of the Covid deaths. 
But this is the same old, same old.
President Trump not saying anything new about Covid just re-reciting what the government has done to tamp down the virus.
Some very negative Joe Biden stuff coming out right before the debate. 
More money for Hunter from China stuff.  
We are on it. 
Will the moderator even bring it up?
Big night. 
Live analysis right after the debate on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C and https://t.co/g82M2njWbD. 
Tweeting throughout the spectacle, and right now the questions I would ask each candidate are posted on the site.
First question for Mr. @JoeBiden from me— 
‘Your son Hunter made millions of dollars; 
do you believe that you helped him do that?’
My lead question for @realDonaldTrump tonight would be, ‘Mr. President, in hindsight, should you have promoted actively wearing masks to mitigate Covid? 
Should you have done that in a more aggressive way, especially in the beginning?'
I am not optimistic that Kristen Welker, the NBC News Correspondent who is moderating tonight’s debate, will ask questions that are important to voters.
Lesley Stahl denies the economy before the pandemic was “record breaking,” accuses Mr. 
Trump of endangering people at his rallies and, incredibly, denies there is any “scandal” surrounding Joe Biden. 
This is one amazing q and a.
Just watched the '60 Minutes' interview that President Trump released. 
He was smart to do that.
Just posted for all - the questions I would ask both candidates tonight during the debate! 
Please out the Message of the Day and let me know what you think!
Just saw a clip of Lesley Stahl interviewing President Trump where she essentially called him a liar. 
So now we know why the controversy erupted. 
Best and most honest election coverage on http://BillOReilly.com.
Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, @BernardGoldberg and I will discuss the future of the American media, in the face of all the corruption.  
 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
President Trump gaining. 
Check out the No Spin News tonight. Bernie Goldberg on the program. 
https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C has it.
Bernie Goldberg on tonight's @NoSpinNews - read his latest column: https://t.co/B035bSTROY
With a hotly contested election two weeks away… 

Folks wonder: What will happen to my money? My 401(k)? 

My response: Are you positioning yourself now? 
You've got to be smart. 

See this video now by my friends at 
@The_Oxford_Club
Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, we’ll continue the best election coverage anywhere.  
We give you just the facts, No spin. 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Excellent No Spin election coverage on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C. 
Stayed alert through the entire show and wasn’t bribed to do it!
Political chaos on some college campuses. 
Please read the Message of the Day and watch the nightly No Spin News for the most honest election coverage.
There are just 15 days before we vote, some predictors are starting to emerge and I will analyze them tonight on the @NoSpinNews.
 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com
