Twilio Is Overvalued, says @Sarge986 
Money printers: Lab Corp, Opko, Quest... 
Hope all is well
should Oracle be down 5% on SAP? that seems wrong..
Chill says this is hilarious given that i have PLUG tonight... 
Do not forget, you MUST watch Plug Power tonight if you care about clean energy... 
 name Take Two really flying..
please go to the interview!
Remember, Okta, always a good tell of the market's "eventual" direction
amen
SAP being crushed.. Not share loss as much as when you upload to the cloud at SAP you can't make as much money--and Concur. 
A company that's in the cloud doesn't spend as much on SAP as one that isn't one.
are you kidding me? it's masks v. lockdown. 
Can't you see that? 
Lockdown would be devastating. 
93 seconds on mask..4 minutes on stocks...
interest rates going right back down so banks can't stay up. 
I still think that group is questionable.

Chill man is a psycho self-promoter and doesn't mention that CVS dog. 
Pathetic and Seattle Gen, now Seagen, does not make up for Zeke-like perf. 
Time for self-immolation. 
so glad that people willing to spew lighter fluid I my alter ego 
does question the president's choice of JNJ as the winner
HA!
I have been recommending AMD, how about that one? DK?  Or Davante Adams.  
Chill is ashamed 
jimmy chill says horrible picks,, missing Twilio and Shopify... got off them too early ,, 
My chief recommendations--endless-have been six companies: Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft ,and Nvida..  
I think that is Lockett like
focus Dunkin not SAP
🚗🚗🚗

Follow along on another @xprize #NextGenMask designer’s journey! 

Maybe auto parts are the secret ingredient we’ve been missing??

One of the top 25 teams for the #NextGenMask challenge!

Can’t wait to see more of these innovative designs! 

Could @CyfiveMask hold the key to the future of comfortable masks...? 
The top 10 teams will be revealed on 11/09

All true, but all known and hard to "re-build in" given it was built in last week ...
Really struggling with the SAP story.. 
They have declining revs back to where they were a couple of years ago. 
still some downside..
SAP has been losing share for ages and has a big travel and leisure component .. 
But people will extrapolate and take down winners, who have taken share from them.
@jeremyfaust references an incredibly important piece about universities and how the federal government has failed them when it comes to covid
Thanks for joining our @BullMktFantasy show.. if you missed any ,key components of the show will be broadcast here...

could be key game to give some points. ! 
Wow are you gracious. 
I was just telling Lisa that i hope some of the things i have done on the mask competition will help because i underestimated the time and effort i would have to spend to do the competition. 
We all want to shut this darned thing down! 
Let's get it done!
Getting fired up for our @BullMktFantasy GTD show!
Pretty amazing voting.. 
Don’t forget to vote! 
I said the same thing to my wife. 
I am not kidding. 
I said is it disconcerting that i care so much about winning this 1000 person contest where i wager $5!!!!!!!
both just excellent companies. amazing.. 
fascinating technology to beat back covid 19
I thought Ynon did well, too, and that Mattel is a very interesting spec going into the holidays. 
Soon it might not even be a spec! 
Hit the no cheese button!! 
thank you! It is under contests!. 
For those of you who have never played DFS go to @BullMktFantasy. 
It's hilariously fun...
I love watching moving up or down on the leaderboard.
should have used hair spray
Actually i haven't liked that one for ages. 
I have ruled out playing the oils. 
They are all on IR excep Chevron, which reports this week, and Pioneer. 
One for income, the other for growth
Fewer than 150 player slots left to go against me in Cramerscashcontest at https://t.co/3DXnynwg0M .. 
Remember, my fantasy team is basically on IR so it is all i have!!!
The Eagles take the lead in the NFC East and are now the favorites to win the division at +105 according to @DKSportsbook. 

Will we see a high scoring game with the Seahawks and Cardinals on Sunday Night Football? 
77% of bets are coming in on Seattle. 
#AD
I have lost 10 of my 17 picks in the draft to injury. 
but you know what? 
You will not be able to beat me in cramerscashcontest on Draft Kings because DFS is my new best friend.  
Come and get me!
I like Pioneer and Chevron.. that's it
hard to buy until we know the numbers together but i like both 
about what, i said i liked it...
Stop blaming me for Hyliion
Mattel could be in early innnings.... 
not for them, for intel
interesting that the market is as discerning about the semis and recognizes that Intel's loss is Nvidia and AMD's gain
buyers of xlnx must be thinking that AMD will buy it. 
I have no idea if that is true but without a bid the stock will soon be overvalued
Come play against me in Week 7 and win cash on @DraftKings. 
The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter.
Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC #AD

How do you get your stock going? 
How about have the government attack you: GOOG, FB
I wish https://t.co/eVXdMv04HQ

I have never had such reaction in 15 years of the show than doing the pieces on FIsker and Musk
I think SYY has very smart management
I wish!
when the Eagles dedicated the game to Pop when he died, we crushed the Titans 
I like Ford here 
i will have Mattel in tonight ! 
thank you @Eagles as my master was near tears when DJax got knocked out and we looked like goners
thank you @Eagles for having such heart and such game! 
Goodnight!  Booyah!
Holy cow!!! 
It was a Bull Market Fantasy come true! Our guys do not quit....
this is some season...
we are making Gallman look like Zeke
no breaks
how tough a year has this been? 
We have been embarrassed and hammered and we just need a break!
glad the Gap worked... 
Ford remains my fave in the space. 
mort tonight!
eloquent but i have liked it since $5 and i am sticking with it.. despite your pertinent, eloquent argument
initially AMD went down with Intel which is really stupid because AMD is eating Intel for lunch in every space.. 
So now AMD is going up. 
I like the guys from Intel very much but i also like the Phillies
talking SPACs tonight--a  good one!
Grow Gen back over $20...$GRWG--the cannabis Tractor Supply
In Slootman they trust.. 
It is a fabulous company... 
 
thank you. most grateful
Look, not bragging, if you are into football in any fashion--i am a Fantasy guy, my partner, Bill "the Profit" Enright is wagering, will rock your world. ..  
Many upgrades for Gap could come..
Gap goes higher--great outlook
getting ready for @BullMktFantasy

Apples to Apples is earnings per share... and the price to earnings multiple... 
We've heard that one...
"This too shall pass" the Zoom generation may be shorter-lived says Gary Kelly, ceo of Southwest whom i LOVE!  $LUV
nope, unrequited love..  if he slams @GenosSteaks it's really over...
$TSLA, $DOW, $T, $KO all good
$KMB, $UNP disappointing

T pretty darned good
Jimbo Chill says two important upgrades may take this one higherBe careful Ephraimbo 
Two important upgrades this morning: JMP and Baird. 
Skeptics until this q. expect more of a run that we have had so far.
fabulous interview with  chevron cfo by @SullyCNBC . wow
you, sir, are welcome any time you want to talk!! Enjoyed it and wish you the best of luck ..Exciting! 
May have to delve into this one... 
i enjoyed our talk immensely and i hope you will come back.. and, thank you, @BillRMcDermott for all of your help!
thank you! Just trying to get it right!
if people sell Chipotle tomorrow on this amazing quarter i think they will regret it rather quickly
this CSX quarter was something. 
Really amazing how good they are now.
Using the @DKSportsbook spread helped us identify the right players to use in our DFS lineups and pick in our prop bets for Week 6. 
Here's how the spread helps project Game Script! 
Thanks @ScottWapnerCNBC for the multiple shout outs.. 
you are too kind!!
I cannot believe how incredible the outpouring has been about what people are doing in their homes. 
I mean this was an amazing poll...
less frightening
frightening 
MSCI China index hits all time high. 
Remember back in 2016 when we thought it would collapse?
then i did good 
Coming Soon: A New Technical Strategy for Nike from @BruceKamich  
Watch these videos of inspiring young minds from around the world!!

The next best mask is in these top 25... wouldn’t you agree?
more GREAT news-rei-infection rates incredibly low 
some good news! 
maybe wait until tonight 
Have you done work on your house? tell me what you did ?
people have been tweeting non stop about @henrikfisker 
oh just watch the darned show
herd immunity -hilarious .. like cattle.. to slaughter.. 
no thoughts. none needed
the bars, packed bars, say no one is cowering. 
I am in touch with so many colleges.. 
you need to do massive and balanced homework
It's Tesla. 
Ignore the pesky facts 
How dare you have so much common sense. 
How can you come here and be rational. 
Jimmy Chill says it is important to embarrass and trash me for trying to save lives. 
How can you be so, well, gracious and civil?
no more than i would fear monger about long term effects of serious pneumonia. 
i am not saying radiation for heaven's sakes
A strategy for buying Logitech while understanding risk from @BruceKamich 
Are you ready Skidaddy! 
actually that's not true.. 
why do you say that? 
you must do more work and stay focused.. 
Stay focused! 
Given that it is a club name, yes.. i researched this..  https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog  but that's the weakest division 
Remember Netflix is a Magnificent Seven stock-- @MadMoneyOnCNBC
Penn-- Barstool? How Zoom? 
thank you, at this stage in my life my job is to good even as here "do good" is somehow controversial like giving away a fortune to get a mask that people will wear when social distancing can't help,. 
Mask=all we have UNTIL
@andrewrsorkin held accountable is not as good as "we shouldn't have them but they still give us good lifting fees."
Everyone who gives info that says lower mortality should say that there can still be big ICU use and the ICU is a sign of terrible illness.
people are taking this kind of analysis and twisting it into believing that its just the flu and that masks/social distancing are therefore unnecessary; 
but more people get this in a day than the flu in a year and we don't know long-term damage,.
Tesla is like water
this interview is amazing...  
The deal with Nicola is on.. remarkable..
ten out of 13 aint bad 
anecdotal  but correct 
About ten years ago. Value people can bet on it, the problems are deal 
How about Stark Industries leaving the defense business? 
Fabulous.. they have never mattered more 
We are all wiser for our children's advice. 
My daughters gave me FB, AAPL, GOOGL, NFLX, MSFT, ADBE, PYPL, and AMZN. 
Wall Street gave me a bunch of banks and oils


@Stephanie_Link I totally agree. 
I had Ned on, Steph, when the stock was in the 30s and they had that breakout quarter and people yawned. 
It's a bit of a horse race but after SNAP and Pinterest have galloped it's time for Twitter to run
JPM is way undervalued but SO WHAT? 
I got guys who trashed me begging to come back but Jimmy Chill is a one-strike-and-you-are-out kinda guy. 
I agree with this. 
I have spent a lot of time studying Pinterest and i think it is a fantastic ad vehicle for a whole new generation of viewers that certainly beats many--not all--but many ways to reach people. 
I tis about as one to one as they get
Weirdly SNAP trounces NFLX in importance and TXN doesn't hurt..
SNAP total star of the night.. just a fabulous quarter for revenue growth and profit will follow. 
Well done.. Great metrics, great advertisers. 
The stock deserves to run. 
Well-played... Congratulations
Honored, kind sit. 
We will beat this! 
And to end with some good news...we are getting better at treating the now-not-so-novel virus. 
Who couldn't she sing. Cole Porter at its best....  and not LUV the airline! 
Jimmy Chill points out that we were profitable for seven years. 
so you can say that i, indeed, told me to buy a BAR! 
Not a restaurant. Rethink ..and stay FOCUSED
Corsair another rocket
@BullMktFantasy , @BillEnright who is the new RB for the @Eagles ?
killer name... 
You must be a club member!!! 
We loved that one all the way.. still have some..
with masks!!!
Facebook is scorching!!!
i found an oil deal i like --Pioneer-Parsley.. .
Will Matt Gallagher run it? 
This is a special special deal..
neither was my mom. So what.