You should read Scott Frank's novel, SHAKER. 
It's dynamite.
Gannett DeHavilland. 
A tie:
Sorcerer, directed by William Freidkin
The Wild Bunch, directed by Sam Peckinpah
My, we're cheerful tonight, aren't we?
Also vintage John Cusack.
Jerry Jeff Walker has left the building.
Damn.
RIP.
NO CONFIRMATION BEFORE INAUGURATION. TRUMP AND HIS CRONIES ARE PACKING THE COURT.
By refusing to insist that the people at his rallies wear masks, Trump is spreading the disease. 
It's criminal behavior.
I'm loving UTOPIA, on Amazon Prime. 
Might not be everyone's cup of tea, given the times we're living in, but it has the slow build to full steam that I associate with page-turning novels. 
Horrifying, violent, and occasionally laugh-out-loud funny.
Thanks! Glad it still works. 
America, it's time to rise up and kick some ass.
#VoteBlue
In other words, a vote for Trump. 
Where’s the fly?
Trump is really parnoid.
Yeah, absolutely. 
The weight wears the tires.
Let's be perfectly clear, as JFK used to say: 
I love my Tesla and I can say that because I've owned it for 7 years. 
2 problems--the 12v auxiliary battery keeps crapping out (supply-chain prob, maybe) and it wears out tires too fast (design flaw).
Yeah, how about a model where the tires don’t wear out after 7500 miles? 
Great car, but that’s just wrong.
Damn right. The torch-waving folks don’t get to win. 
Tucker Carlson.
Hey hey, ho ho,
Butt kissing Lindsey has got to go.
Chirpy-chirpy-cheep-cheep.
Now it's back in MY head.
Thanks a lot.
Thomas Cullinan. 
THE BEGUILED is the best-known. You'll have to troll the second-hand shops and sites.
The Republicans in many states are actively engaged in voter suppression. 
My suggestion is register Republican, then vote blue.
I wanted to be Florida for DUMA KEY, but as the Stones so memorably said, you can’t always get what you want. 
THE ACCURSED, by Joyce Carol Oates: 
Wonderful gothic novel which includes searing portraits of Jack London and Upton Sinclair.
Did you read CARRION COMFORT? 
That's Dan's best book.
PPS South Carolina: 
I won $50 on a scratch ticket there. 
Think it was Alcolu. 
I never won jack shit in Georgia.
PS&lt; South Carolina: I-95 sucks until you get to Georgia. Sorry.
Dear South Carolina: Love your state, love the Little Pee Dee, and I've got a rooting interest in Jamie Harrison. 
Lindsey Graham's a grumpy old poop, ain't he? 
Why not give him a gold watch and send him into retirement.
I suspect that readers have a tendency to hate the ending of any book they loved. 
They just want it to go on...and on...and on...
Thanks, Donald. 
Buy. 
That car looks evil. 
