Ok DK Metcalf I see you . Respect.
Stahl: “This is 60 minutes and we can’t put on things that we can’t verify ..” most memorable line in the whole interview . 
We’re not gonna let u lie.
60 Minutes interview airs with Lesley Stahl’s questions  “ on mike” this time. 
“The way you said that ...“. That’s Trump’s tell. 
He reacts to the questioner more than the question. 
But that’s just his problem with media people. 
His relationship with US voters is bigger.

Marc Short, chief of staff for Mike Pence, tests positive for coronavirus - CNNPolitics 
Biden goes all in on portraying Trump as a tax avoiding billionaire in DALLAS, PA speech



Though POTUS has disparaged Kristen Welker, the moderator of tonight's debate, conservative radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt gave her a compliment on the air yesterday while speaking live with the White House COS-- telling Mark Meadows that Trump can 'trust Kristen Welker.'
Senate Democrats boycott as Judiciary Committee Republicans vote  to send the nomination of Judge Amy Barrett to the full floor for a vote. Committee chair Sen. 
Lindsey Graham says he would like to have Barrett on the Supreme Court next week.
Good to know but it’s noise. 
Just vote is still the only message. 
Feds say Russia and Iran have interfered with the presidential election - CNNPolitics
So I take it Obama’s not tryna be subtle and distinguished about Trump anymore. 
He says they would have called him “Beijing Barry” if (like Trump) he’d been found to have a Chinese bank account.
Wow: 
But Trump repeats the lie over abd over again . 
Silliest of silly seasons 
Trump’s entrance music at rallies is “Macho Man” by The Village People. 
A theme of his closing  argument is something about viciously attacking established female journalists like Lesley Stahl, Kristen Welker and Savannah Guthrie. 
How is that playing with suburban women voters?
You know.. Twitter is always broken
Here's what the tax rate could be for high earners under Biden's plan 
So yes

Uh-oh 
Six Russian GRU Officers Charged in Connection with Worldwide Deployment of Destructive Malware and Other Disruptive Actions in Cyberspace | OPA | Department of Justice
