The snare on Work It by @MissyElliott is still one of my favorite snares used in a song.
Timbo layered some crackle noise on top of it and it gave it so much character.
A little noise goes a long way. 🤓
Just listened to Attention for the first time in a year. Song bangs
IF THEY DON’T SEE IT IN YOU THEN THATS ON THEM!!
Thank you for getting I Hope to #6 ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
That’s wut u get ;D
🎹
My shorts are so short I might as well not be wearing shorts it’s so stupid
Im growing a mullet. No one can stop me.
Protect all friends with good snacks in their house.
Red light special
Offset has a great singing voice.
I only called her one time.....
Absolutely incredible
I’m really good at confessing things I don’t wanna know about myself in my songs.
Girrrrlll your energy.....feels so heavenly......
Lately I’ve been thinking about if you’re worth it, or do I just stay and play the game.
Because 99% of the time I’m hurting, but the other 1 makes it go away.
Love you.
Praise Nicki
If it doesn’t sound right in my head from the beginning....it’s never gonna sound good in the end.
No one tops Eminem’s internal rhyming flow to this day.
You gon choose me baby ya digggggg
Let’s make another crazy jam btw bro
It can literally be a song that’s half done....
I wanna duet that tik Tok and add what I would do in the studio to it.....
Just tweet it to me
Send me your favorite tik Tok artist’s music....I wanna hear it.
Creators are inspiring !!!!!!
Today’s gonna be dumb lit
If you’re sus we can’t hang lol
Favorite tweet of all time.
So cool seeing “I hope” continue to rise up the Hot 100.
Thanks all for the continued support. @GabbyBarrett_
Hahha someone’s singing Stacy’s Mom across the hall I forgot how much that song BANGS
Hey
Take 10 deep breaths right when you wake up.
It makes your whole day better, promise.
Love you
❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Spectrasonics Trillian Retro 60s bass preset
Before the song is even recorded, I like to picture a crowd singing along with the song.
That’s how I know people will be able to sing along to it.
Listen to something you wouldn’t normally listen to.
I turned on French music the other day.
The most important thing to me when I make a melody is tension and release.
A hit chorus usually has a melody that is evident in its resolution.
Ask me a music question.
Or anything
Bagels!!!!!
I like the pain
You ever just wanna pour a pumpkin spice latte all over your body?
Super sticky but worth it.....
Ahhhh the sweet aroma of Autumn.
Savage Mode II is the best shit ever
I had a dream about you last night
WHAT A NICE DAY
I’d do anything to work with Sade
Mmmm
Ugh why do good chords feel so good fuck