♥️
Launch in 5 minutes
Yeah, with cooling channels integrated into the chamber walls
The same propellant is used either for abort or for orbital maneuvering, as one use obviates the other
Dragon can also hover & land propulsively, but we use the parachutes for maximum safety
Thrusters are integrated with spacecraft, enabling abort capability all the way to abort for increased safety
Ok
Yeah, I feel pretty normal. No symptoms right now.
Last week, I had symptoms of a minor cold.
I’ve had some brutal flu/cold experiences, but this was mild & hopefully over.
Doing tests from several different labs, same time of day, administered by RN & am requesting N1 gene PCR cycle threshold.
There is no official standard for PCR testing.
Not sure people realize this.
Both obv insanely great, too bad they had this pointless argument
Astronaut launch today!
No kids though
Hell of a wig collection too
It would be great if labs could give people this level of granular feedback in their results
Worth reading this thread if you’re curious about rona testing
They should be imo.
If you get a blood pressure test, they tell you the number, not just if it’s high/not-high.
There is not a clear consensus on what Ct value of what cov2 gene constitutes “positive”.
A little up & down.
Feels just like a regular cold, but more body achy & cloudy head than coughing/sneezing.
DayQuil rocks.
In your opinion, at what Ct number for the cov2 N1 gene should a PCR test probably be regarded as positive?
If I’m asking the wrong question, what is a better question?
!
Cool, but please be super cautious.
Expect two steps forward, one back.
Lot of new code was merged.
Just a scratch. We can buff it out.
Am getting wildly different results from different labs, but most likely I have a moderate case of covid.
My symptoms are that of a minor cold, which is no surprise, since a coronavirus is a type of cold.
NPCs all the way up
Ahem
Unless you’re on DMT
Laws of thermodynamics:
1. You can’t win
2. You can’t break even
3. You can’t stop playing
Shakes fist at entropy
Big expansion of beta program in 6 to 8 weeks!
Interesting.
My Thursday night saliva sample came back today with N1 gene (unique to cov2) showing at cycle 26 & N3 (generic sars) at 24.
I get results of today’s test tomorrow.
Almost no symptoms today, so hopefully better results.
What’s honey?
Feels that way
This seems accurate
Cold symptoms are gone for now 😀🚀💫
There are degrees of pos
Heneghan makes a lot of sense.
Hilarious that he has to clarify that he runs the Center for *Evidence-Based* Medicine at Oxford 🤣🤣.
General public doesn’t realize quite how much of medicine is subjective or outright witchcraft.
The number of PCR amplification cycles required to detect the virus is a rough indicator of your viral load.
From what I can gather, you’re probably not infectious above 30 & you probably are below 25.
Sound about right?
This a great reference! Worth a read.
Case closed
Soon
Fwiw, lab I just spoke to thinks below 30 is accurate, 30 to 40 gets dicey & above 40 is bs.
Will talk to several more labs.
There must be a graph of PCR amplification cycle vs false positive rate somewhere.
Lab I just spoke to said cov2 PCR detection (N1 &amp; N3 genes) below 30 cycles is reliable &amp; above 40 cycles is not
Note, this is not the spike protein.
They don’t consider that reliable.
ust spoke directly to a testing lab.
Their main PCR search is for the N1 gene, unique to cov2.
N3 is also sought, but is generic to other sars viruses.
High PCR cycle count *does* give false positives, but they believe accuracy is good below 30 cycles & 40 cycles is their max.
Strange
Possible explanation for the dramatic decline in cold & flu prevalence vs prior years.
If someone comes in with cold/flu symptoms & falsely tests positive for cov2, they will assume they have it, when in fact they simply have some other form of seasonal cold/flu.
Moreover, lower the true prevalence, the higher the false positive number will be.
This sounds obvious, but it could mean a very high false positive percentage if true prevalence is low.
From https://t.co/42z7vRPB9c
Sure is
Would be great to hear from people who know a lot about the PCR testing industry.
What’s the approximate false positive rate, all things considered, for cov2 PCR tests?
Interesting
Interesting
What is the general population (no knowledge of symptoms) accuracy of a sars-cov2 PCR test & is it possible to generate a false positive if you simply run enough cycles?
A good PCR test should identify if I have the cov2 spike proteins, although I have heard some low accuracy numbers for those too.
Hard to get a straight answer. 
False positives will roughly scale with # of tests & daily test rate has gone ballistic:
Mild sniffles & cough & slight fever past few days.
Right now, no symptoms, although I did take NyQuil.
Technically, I tested positive, then negative twice, then positive again, so “Elon Musk Tests Negative for Covid” is an equally correct title.
The “rapid antigen test” from BD seems to be about as useful as a flipping a coin.
The carousel turns ever faster
Yup
Exactly
Symptoms of a typical cold. Nothing unusual so far.
If it’s happening to me, it’s happening to others.
I’m getting PCR tests from separate labs.
Results will take about 24 hours.
Something extremely bogus is going on.
Was tested for covid four times today.
Two tests came back negative, two came back positive.
Same machine, same test, same nurse.
Rapid antigen test from BD.
Burst disk worked, so vehicle appears to be ok.
We’ll have to swap out at least one of the engines.
Maybe melted an engine preburner or fuel hot gas manifold.
Whatever it is caused pneumatics loss.
We need to design out this problem.
We lost vehicle pneumatics. Reason unknown at present.
Liquid oxygen header tank pressure is rising.
Hopefully triggers burst disk to relieve pressure, otherwise it’s going to pop the cork.
🤣🤣👍
4 Astronauts fly to @Space_Station on Sat night from Cape.
First operational flight of Crew Dragon. 
Luck is the best superpower
Yes
It is an honor that they would choose to work with me.
I strive to ensure that the companies enable creative & driven people to reach their potential.
Such a privilege to work with people I like &amp; respect so much. I feel blessed.
Probably
Happy to see this :)
I do expect this to become an important product for the world, but probably not financially material for Tesla
There’s no entry/braking burn & hypersonic angle of attack is ~70 degrees
Tesla makes the RNA Bioreactor that can make vaccines / cures.
CureVac has version 2 in use.
Version 3 is under development.
Checking
I just hope this game doesn’t twist itself to tedium out of fear of being canceled
Yes, you can have my damn cookie! should be a browser setting
Thanks to a lot of great Autopilot/AI hardware & software engineers at Tesla!
For sure
Will be worth it
Exactly
Sure
it’s still there
Wait until you see what Cybertruck will do
This is accidental.
Will be back shortly.
Am hoping to change booster design to land back on launch mount with no legs.
Will require extreme precision.
Chip has temp sensor & automatically maintains safe temp
Enough already on my plate & Tesla’s. Maybe one day will do a prototype.
Those are relatively easy.
Volume production with high reliability & low cost & passing all regulations is 100X harder.
Neuralink won’t overclock the brain, it will transfer processing to the supercomputer extension of your brain.
This is basically what you do when you use a smartphone or computer, but a Neuralink will have orders of magnitude faster input & output, especially latter.
We rewrote all labeling software for 4D.
Very different from labeling single photos.
Dojo won’t contribute for about a year.
It’s mostly a generalized NN training computer, but benchmark we’re tracking is frames/second.
Must beat next gen GPU/TPU clusters or it’s pointless.
Version 1 is about a year away
It would appear that their calculations were incorrect
China understands the profound importance of reusability.
The era of expendable rockets will soon be over.
♠️♠️ Tesla Autopilot/AI team ♠️♠️
Good explanation.
4D is essential for dynamically occluded objects, especially in large intersections with dense vehicle & pedestrian traffic.
Frame rate & latency from frame to wheel vector change also important.
The Phantom of the Opera 
Is here … inside your mind
🇨🇦 😀
Just looking for problem-solvers who get things done with a high sense of urgency.
Don’t care if or where they went to school.
When sending your resume, please describe a few of the hardest problems you solved & exactly how you solved them
A New Banner is needed
Neither hard left nor right
Another fine day in the simulation …
Faraday invented the electric motor, Tesla the (commutator-free, three-phase) AC induction motor, in other words, a useful electric motor
Maxwell was amazing.
Should have more recognition.
Tesla Motors, Inc., was almost called Faraday, as it took until late 2004/2005 to buy the trademark from a guy who had had it since 1995.
420 is ten times better than 42
🤗
Awaiting approval from Canadian authorities
Recruiting ace engineers for Giga Berlin! Will interview in person tomorrow on site. Send resume to 25Guns@Tesla.com.
Stop being a chad
Uh … Chad wtf
Einstein was great, but did not succeed at engineering (and he tried)
Yeah, that will be relatively easy, as so few users out in the ocean
Yes, although I didn’t expect the stock to rise so much so soon.
The reason for the stock options is that they’re needed to help pay for humanity to get to Mars in 10 to 20 years.
Super appreciate your support, Steve!
That convertible loan gave us 6 months of runway.
Fortunately, Daimler invested $50M in May 2009, 5 months later.
Closest we got was about a month.
The Model 3 ramp was extreme stress & pain for a long time — from mid 2017 to mid 2019.
Production & logistics hell.
I put in my last money, even though I thought we would still fail.
But, it was either that or certain death for Tesla. Extremely difficult to raise money for an electric car startup (considered super quirky back then), while stalwarts like GM & Chrysler were going bankrupt.
That funding round completed 6pm on Christmas Eve in 2008.
Last hour of last day possible, as investors were leaving town that night & we were 3 days away from bankruptcy.
I put in all money I had, didn’t own a house & had to borrow money from friends to pay rent.
Difficult time.
Yes
Lowering Starlink terminal cost, which may sound rather pedestrian, is actually our most difficult technical challenge
As soon as we get regulatory approval.
Hopefully, around middle of next year.
Right now, it takes about 5 mins to set up, but, with future improvements, probably less than 3 mins.
No technical knowledge needed.
Just point at open sky & plug in!
Canada and Norway are next after we get US out of early beta!
Didn’t realize that was possible.
No problem if there’s a way get current design Cybertruck approved in Europe!
As soon as we get country approval.
This is required for each country individually, as no EU-wide approval system exists.
Probably start receiving final (there are many steps) approvals around Feb/March.
Lower latitude states need more satellites in position, so probably January
Several thousand more Starlink beta participation invitations going out this week
New design is better with many minor tweaks.
Even the small details matter.
Haha
Very close to actual expected flight!
I could not be more excited about the new supercollider!
That said, while it is considerably larger, I don’t think it necessarily requires all that much incremental engineering.
Sure, maybe in a month or so
Well, it’s basically a tank from the future that’s road-legal, so yeah
Tesla Texas team is making great progress! Giga Texas factory will be an asskicker.
Yes
Penguin Random House 😴 should change the name to Random Penguin🔥
Sure, although it might be quite a short livestream!
Lot can go wrong, but we’ll provide video, warts & all.
You will see every frame that we do.
This is what matters most
We’ve tested a sub-scale version in a wind tunnel with active aero closing the loop for stability, so it will probably work at scale, but reality tends to bite you on the ass
Lord of the …
Yeah.
Although, if it fails right at the end, some landing pad repair will be needed to fill in the crater.
Minor
Understanding exactly how the body flaps control pitch, yaw & roll during descent, such that the ship is positioned well to relight, flip & land, would be a big win
But, a RUD right off launch pad is also possible.
Fortunately, SN9 is almost ready.
Stable, controlled descent with body flaps would be great.
Transferring propellant feed from main to header tanks & relight would be a major win.
Every 5 to 10 days
Faults will never be zero, but at some point the probability of a fault will be far lower than that of the average human
We measure this primarily in intervention probability. This update addressed several issues, resulting in perhaps ~1/3 fewer interventions.
Many of the improvements consist of fixing silly bugs vs grand eureka moments.
True for most beta releases in my experience.
Thanks to a great Autopilot/AI team working super hard!
Doing “neural nets” without testing them against reality has led some groups to overestimate what they’re doing.
Reality is the hardest sim.
Latency will improve significantly soon. Bandwidth too.
This build should be noticeably better with interventions
Yes
I’ve spent more than half my life in California & love the state.
But, frankly, I think CA has the winning-for-too-long problem. 
Like a sports team with many championships, it is increasingly difficult to avoid complacency & a sense of entitlement.
And … Sweden is still right with zero deaths Oct 29
True.
Also, fewer heart attacks, as way easier to pump blood in 37% gravity.
Now we’re talking.
Also, Stephenson 2-18 is in the constellation Scrotum haha.
Small fry.
The sun converts over 4 million tons of mass to energy every second.
Accurate
Some challenges with high winds.
Looks like Sunday for static fire.
Great shot!
Future AI will appreciate this
Truth is stranger than fiction
😉
Urf is so smōl
For a long time
Truth be told, I’ve eaten at JitB many times over the years, even the teriyaki bowl
Might buy a Jack in the Box footstool
Approximately, log(rate)
Same bot, just change setting to “combat”
Well, being a phased array antenna, it is actually rather flat!
Tesla should make 🔥 catgirl robots?
Little crane: “Am I just a toy to you!?”
🤣🤣
Come here … no, come, here 👇
Wow, this mayo sure is salty!
Max Payne was great on many levels.
Silent Hill good too.
Jack in the Box should do double duty as a sperm donor clinic — name is 👌
One of the best games ever
FEAR 1 with modern graphics &amp; sound would rock
Ok :)
All games in this thread are far scarier & more creatively so than any horror movie
FEAR 2 is best imo. Also Dead Space 2.
They will haunt your dreams.
To the best of my knowledge, literally zero equipment was usable without major repairs or upgrades.
Most of the factory had no equipment at all!
Even light bulbs were missing in some areas.
GM & Toyota took everything that worked & moved it to their other factories.
All that was left were broken bots & equipment hardly worth the scrap metal value.
But we scrounged up spare parts, fixed the trusty old bots & brought the factory back to life.
And there were actually zero employees in the factory after GM/Toyota left.
They took all good equipment & sold most of rest for scrap.
It looked apocalyptic inside.
Bettern nothin or ur 💰 back!
💫 🛰
Tesla team has done great work!
Well, tbh, our capex efficiency in 2017 was trash 😬
Testing for covid is a license to print money
Yes, very helpful. Thanks all beta testers!
Video training & inference is essential for excellent autonomy
Sigh … there should be a new supersonic jet, this time electric
Critical to humanity’s future
Congratulations SpaceX Team!
Mine is a few days ahead
Sure, it could be an option in settings
Visualization will tone down significantly for production.
These are intentionally strident colors.
Sure
I’m in Boca every week, so maybe we could talk then.
Given that Starship is not exactly subtle, this is more of a design clarification to match what people can already see.
Good point.
Probably next week in form of a written piece on SpaceX website.
Great pics!
That we now have the beginnings of a Starship production system is most meaningful.
Yup. With beta updates, there’ll be a lot of 2 steps fwd, 1 step back situations, but pace of improvement will be extremely fast.
Working on it. Also needs to be able fart at other cars on command.
Starship is coming together!
Price change is pushed to Thursday next week. Applies only to US for now.
One week clock will start in other countries as beta is released.
FSD monthly rental will also be available sometime next year.
There will be a 360 deg glass Star Bar (name tbd) at top of high bay
Well, we have said many times that the price will rise as the product functionality improves.
How much time do you think we should give?
Agreed. Are these performance tires?
Just a small-seeming issue with loss of upper stage camera.
Probably nothing serious, but standing down to re-examine whole vehicle just in case.
Sure
Now that Tesla FSD beta is out in limited release, FSD price (new or upgrade) will go up by ~$2k on Monday
As soon as we complete testing & regulators approve.
So many different traffic signs, rules & languages around world, not to mention driving on left side of road!
Also, a long & challenging road lies ahead getting to high 9’s reliability (way beyond human).
Yes
Haha
Dependent on proving high safety
Not intentional!
We just wanted to show that you could theoretically convert the entire US vehicle fleet to electric using only the lithium in Nevada, a single state.
Tesla will do lithium mining only as needed.
We also found a way to extract lithium using NaCl (table salt).
Cold gas for now, hot later
I mean, ya gotta have a tiki bar …
Starship nosecone, high bay & tiki bar 
After it gets to orbit a few times
Got a little melty tbh :)
Those engines could go 300 bar, but would be dicey.
Pushing it for near-term tests doesn’t achieve anything, but I’m confident Raptor will do 300 bar for orbital flights.
Raptor has now run for 90 secs at 300 bar chamber pressure before encountering issues.
210 mT-F sea level operating thrust seems achievable with no major changes. 
R-Boost variant is aiming for 300 ton thrust at 300 bar with same nozzle exit area.
Will need bigger pumps.
FSD beta rollout happening tonight. Will be extremely slow &amp; cautious, as it should.
Data from 3 engine Starship static fire this morning looks good. Proceeding with nosecone mate.
Yes.
We also have to consider population life-months lost from lockdowns & other restrictions vs life-months lost from any given disease.
Sweden at zero deaths Oct 15 
Yes
Firmware is probably a slightly more accurate description, but yes
Mobi-C has too much mobility, fusion has too little.
We need Mobi-D haha.
Actually, it’s my neck …
Maybe I can be helpful.
Had Mobi-C disc put in at C5-C6, however 1st surgery failed to remove bone spur sticking into my spinal cord.
2nd surgery took care of it.
Recommend using Yelp or other online reviews of doctors.
Effectiveness varies widely.
Pretty accurate.
It’s not so much DNA sequencing as it is using synthetic DNA/RNA to fix bugs in our code & inform immune system what to attack.
London to Beijing would be cool
Wow, that would be quite a trip!
That’s my kid haha
Looks like snoopy
Current production is slightly better
Doesn’t seem to be any life in this solar system.
Maybe under the ice of Europa or extremophile bacteria below the surface of Mars.
Worth reading:https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drake_equation
Very creative
That free fusion reactor in the sky conveniently converts ~4 million tons of mass into energy every second.
We just need to catch an extremely tiny amount of it to power all of civilization.
You never know
After
😢
Also, system should autodelete old data automatically by default
Table in tension
Yes
Starting production on 7 seater next month, initial deliveries early December
The gauntlet has been thrown down! 
The prophecy will be fulfilled. 
Model S price changes to $69,420 tonight!
More great renderings! Significant improvements coming to the welds.
Congratulations!
Making progress
9 meter or roughly 30 ft diameter
Will be less roomy with 3 vacuum rocket engines added
It’s still there, but focus is Vegas &amp; Prufrock, our new tunneling machine
For sure
Maybe a month or so.
Some finishing touches need to be done on the stations.
We simplified this a lot.
It’s basically just Teslas in tunnels at this point, which is way more profound than it sounds.
Sweet …
Yes. Everything is slow to a phased array antenna.
Nice
“What is love? Baby don’t hurt me.”— Winston Churchill
Or maybe 2 weak turrets to allow more strategic degrees of freedom
Please buff Torb’s turret!
Um … yes
I have Goosebumps 2 merch. Not sure how tbh.
HG2G
LotR
🤘 The Illuminaughty 🤘
Yeah
At least success is in the set of all possible outcomes this time!
Diess is doing his best to move in the right direction, but he’s in a tough position with so many constituencies to please.
No way to make everyone happy.
Good grief! SpaceX is getting zero money for this.
Starship is designed to carry people & cargo around Earth (also to moon & Mars).
Vast majority of use will be civilian.
It’s just like an airline in space.
All airlines sometimes carry military cargo, but ~99% is civilian.
With FSD, we got stuck in a lot of local maximums, which wasn’t clear until we hit the ceiling.
This time, it’s right.
Thank you, much more accurate haha
Sheer magnitude of the entire production system is hard to appreciate.
Almost every element of production is >75% automated.
Only wire harnesses & general assembly, which are <10% of production costs, are primarily manual.
Will release order configurator probably in Jan
Limited FSD beta releasing on Tuesday next week, as promised. 
The SoC’s sync with each other 20 to 30 times/sec, exchanging output of NNs that should be in harmony, like a symphony, so it’s fairly obvious when one is discordant
Tesla FSD computer’s dual SoCs function like twin engines on planes
they each run different neural nets, so we do get full use of 144 TOPS, but there are enough nets running on each to allow the car to drive to safety if one SoC (or engine in this analogy) fails.
Accurate analysis.
Quite a few ego/intelligence>>1 people in your comment thread haha.
Neither MobilEye nor Nvidia, which are certainly good companies, could meet any of our capability, schedule, cost or power requirements.
!
Glad Jen is safe!
Wow
Uh ok, here we go …
I don’t think this is accurate
Yeah, there are literally >1000% more cameras than 10 years ago, but still zero clear photos
Even if half that amount, it’s still a big deal!
🤣🤣
Definitely
Exactly.
He plays the “poor inventor” card, but was rich all along & invented nothing (as far as I know).
I went down to zero cash or sellable assets in 2008/2009, had no house & had to borrow money from friends to pay rent.
There are sketchy edits to Tesla wiki that whitewash Eberhard’s problems/glorify his role. Pretty odd… https://t.co/PPSorKWdI8
When Eberhard was fired from the Tesla CEO role in mid 2007 for providing false information to me & the board, no one left with him.
That says it all.
Interesting
Probably
I have that exact art on the wall of the place I stay in Boca Chica!
Yes, failure to protect nursing homes was a major mistake (happened in most countries).
Herd immunity for vast majority of people & quarantine vulnerable was right though imo.
Sweden was right
There are sensitive elements, but they’re on the inside.
Also, a good telephoto lens will be able to capture what I’ve posted.
And yeah, anyone who can reverse engineer what I’ve posted doesn’t need to reverse engineer!
Great work by SpaceX valve engineering & production!
Our tiles are mechanically attached
It might be used in some areas.
ITAR laws prevent us from being too specific about solutions.
Tiles will be on hot side of flaps too.
A very tough problem is sealing the moving flap to body joint without melting or shredding the seal.
Compilers need to improve imo.
Most type, pointer (or other memory) problems can be detected at compile time or disambiguated by asking the user.
I’m proud to say that that nose is pointier than it needs to be haha
Norway leads the world
Passed cryo proof
👍
Yeah, it’s not a contest.
Advanced casting crushes best-case 3D printing, but casting doesn’t work well for complex enclosed volumes & high strength or high temp alloys.
Great pics!
Maybe this should be the flag of Mars
Additive manufacturing of parts is still far too costly for cars, but can rapidly create tooling to accelerate pace of innovation.
It’s already sensible for rocket engine parts.
To the best of our knowledge, SpaceX is 2 or 3 years ahead of other companies in use of additive.
Pretty much, but I think it may end on a high note
Meant to say that it should be fixed in the latest wide release.
Won’t need to wait for FSD.
It should be
Exactly.
We barked up that tree for way too long (sigh).
Gives a false sense of victory being close — a tantalizing local maximum — but reality is just too messy & weird.
Our new system is capable of driving in locations we never seen even once.
Yes, we will play sexy snake jazz 🤣
Yes
Yeah, provided we do our metal gear snake autocoupler
Waymo is impressive, but a highly specialized solution.
The Tesla approach is a general solution.
The latest build is capable of zero intervention drives.
Will release limited beta in a few weeks.
Yeah, we could put in a setting allowing it to drop as low as 5%
Great render.
Note, there will need to be an arm that lifts booster to launch stand & ship to booster.
Mimecraft
Yes
Autopilot team is making great progress.
Reality sure is complicated!
Aspiring to have no flame diverter in Boca, but this could turn out to be a mistake
We do have giant steel balls haha
We just completed a financing round, but will let you know when there is another one
I definitely need to try these tasty cakes & pastries on my next visit!
@MarcusHouseGame @brendan2908 @BocaChicaGal @NASASpaceflight Mass ratio. Liquid oxygen is much denser than liquid m… https://t.co/GNhcI8rEh3
Had the most amazing kebab ever just outside of Tacheles.
Too bad that place got torn down.
It was awesome.
You’re most welcome!
High bay should be finished (except for the giant gantry crane) within a few weeks.
Super Heavy stacking should begin around then.
That looks tasty!
The crash absorption rails can be cut off &amp; replaced with a bolted part for collision repair
Sandy Munro understands engineering
That would be like licensing Battlestar Galactica.
Actually building continuously evolving gargantuan factories is the hard part.
Lots of people who worked at Tesla Gigafactories now work at competitors, but none of those companies have made one.
Yes, the Gigafactory is the hardest &amp; most critical product
Battery pack will be a bonded structure with cells providing shear transfer between steel upper & lower face sheets, eliminating most of the center body parts while providing better torsional rigidity & improved polar moment or inertia.
This is a *major* breakthrough.
But now we understand production much better.
It will be our primary competitive advantage long-term.
Even GM &amp; Chrysler went bankrupt in 2009.
Ford and Tesla are the only US car companies that have avoided bankruptcy.
The Model 3 production ramp was sheer agony for two years, but that was do or die for Tesla.
No US car company has reached high volume production with sustained free cash flow in ~100 years.
Hundreds of car startups all died or were absorbed for peanuts by big three.
Bringing a new product to volume production is 1% inspiration &amp; 99% perspiration.
You do still need that critical seed of inspiration, but it’s fun & takes ~100 people.
Production takes >10,000 people & hurts like hell until the gigantic cybernetic collective runs smoothly.
Marginal cost of Starship mass to orbit should be well under $100/kg.
Fully burdened cost depends on flight rate.
Prototypes are a piece of cake, but high volume production of a new technology is extremely hard.
Takes much longer than people think to climb the production S-curve.
I can’t emphasize enough that production is by *far* the hard part.
We do expect to make heavy use of LFP for medium range cars &amp; stationary storage
Berlin will use 4680 cell with structural battery pack & front & rear single piece castings.
Also, a new paint system.
Lot of new technology will happen in Berlin, which means significant production risk.
Fremont & Shanghai will transition in ~2 years when new tech is proven.
They are
I do so wish that more companies would put down their spreadsheets for a moment and focus on making products that move your heart
7 bar absolute, which is fine for flight.
This was a proof test, rather than a burst test.
We’ll hopefully fix the leak today & retest.
Cryo pressure test succeeded, but a small leak opened up near the engine mounts, possibly due to differential shrinking
One of the best shots ever!
Much sooner
Great photo!
It will soon
Once these satellites reach their target position, we will be able to roll out a fairly wide public beta in northern US & hopefully southern Canada.
Other countries to follow as soon as we receive regulatory approval.
We’re not seeing notable differences yet.
I think the boosters could probably do 100+ reflights.
Some of the (small) composite helium tanks would need to be replaced.
Maybe turbopump hot sections.
Roughly a week or two turnaround is all that’s needed to meet max launch demand.
Starship Super Heavy is designed for reflight in less than an hour.
Ahem, yes, it was the 3rd flight of this booster & 3rd flight for active half of fairing.
Aiming for 10+ flights of booster & fairing by end of next year.
4th flight &amp; landing for this booster
5 minutes from launch.
Looks good so far.
So crazy to subsidize pollution!
This is not good for people, especially in dense cities with heavy traffic, where your air intake is jammed up against another car’s exhaust pipe.
It’s a step in the right direction, but they should really aim for full reusability by 2026.
Larger rocket would also make sense for literal economies of scale.
Goal should be to minimize cost per useful ton to orbit or it will at best serve a niche market.
Turn volume to 11 &amp; play Powerglide in your Tesla 
FSD will solve these issues
Music volume on a Tesla goes to 11, because it’s louder than 10
One of my favorite writers.
Foundation is tough to make into a movie, but has outstanding potential.
💯
Rewatched Young Frankenstein this weekend.
Still awesome. Ovaltine?
The remake has the potential to be great.
I kinda liked the original tbh, but it’s possible to take it up a level.
Hollywood should just start with the sequel &amp; skip the original, because financials
This article is wildly incorrect about lithium battery costs by a factor of 5 or more presently &amp; 10X long-term
Pretty wild, considering that Exxon was the most valuable company in the word when we went public 10 years ago
New SpaceX droneship will be called “A Shortfall of Gravitas”
Nothing can escape gravity, not even black holes (and they really tried!)
Would be cool to put yourself in the mind of the car while it’s driving
Coming soon
Call of Booty, great game
Vector-space bird’s eye view coming with FSD
Unexpected pressure rise in the turbomachinery gas generator
All of that and more.
We’re doing a broad review of launch site, propulsion, structures, avionics, range & regulatory constraints this weekend.
I will also be at the Cape next week to review hardware in person.
Exactly
We will need to make a lot of improvements to have a chance of completing 48 launches next year!
I agree with Lex
Glad you’re ok!
Haha
Thanks for waiting!
Next year for sure
Oh yeah, Starship update coming in about 3 weeks.
The design has coalesced.
What is presented will actually be what flies to orbit as V1.0 with almost no changes.
High frequency lasers are the way to go for sure
Great
Brownsville is quite far south, so probably 3 months or so for good connectivity — needs several more Starlink launches.
I’m using it at the little house I rent in the area.
Definitely not good there yet.
Average latency will improve as more satellites launch (directly above you more frequently) & more ground stations are deployed.
As we’re able to put more ground stations on roofs of server centers, legacy Internet latency will be zero.
Very soon for higher latitudes like Seattle
Yes, Starlink is designed to enable competitive gaming
Probably 5 or 6 with an optimized tanker, although filling up the ship in orbit isn’t required for Mars, so 4 is possible
Yeah
Great letter!
It will be increasingly difficult to see Starlink satellites, as we’re actively working with the astronomer community to ensure that even the most sensitive telescopes are fine & scientific progress is not impeded.
💰💩🤣
Glad to hear your Mom is ok
Good to see.
Inspiring for future of space!
The new heat pump in Model Y is what really makes the difference in cold weather
Yes, coming soon
Great render!
The circumferential welds & skin panels will be much smoother in future builds.
That’s very hard to do.
Weld esthetics will improve greatly in upcoming Starships
Haha true.
Why do showers have such a wide range!?
!!
Yes
Light is not as fast as you’d think
Maybe we used too many magenta spotlights
Having a low center of gravity makes a world of difference to safety
We will probably IPO Starlink, but only several years in the future when revenue growth is smooth & predictable.
Public market does *not* like erratic cash flow haha.
I’m a huge fan of small retail investors.
Will make sure they get top priority.
You can hold me to it.
Fate loooves irony haha
True
Thanks Tesla Team for great work on deliveries!
For new owners, we super appreciate accommodating us on delivery timing!
Definitely one of our toughest quarters in global logistics.
Starship SN8 with rear body flaps
Nosecone & front flaps next week.
SN9 next month.
First flight is to 15km or ~50,000 ft
Centaur with a bow obviously
What can’t we predict?
Only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
Haha
Cybertruck, ATV, Roadster & Semi
C A R S
Probably
Haha
Important note about Tesla Battery Day unveil tomorrow.
This affects long-term production, especially Semi, Cybertruck & Roadster, but what we announce will not reach serious high-volume production until 2022.
We intend to increase, not reduce battery cell purchases from Panasonic, LG & CATL (possibly other partners too).
However, even with our cell suppliers going at maximum speed, we still foresee significant shortages in 2022 & beyond unless we also take action ourselves.
The extreme difficulty of scaling production of new technology is not well understood.
It’s 1000% to 10,000% harder than making a few prototypes.
The machine that makes the machine is vastly harder than the machine itself.