Every day that this sick man chases his delusions, people die.
Pure and simple he is committing negligent homicide.
With the defeat of this Criminal Violator of our Constitution, we have taken a giant step in the preservation of our Democracy.
To secure its bedrock and The Rule of Law, he must now be prosecuted. Our 244 year experiment in Self Rule demands it.
We’re facing the biggest public health crisis in over 100 years.
Time for President Joe Biden & a broad coalition of Scientists and Health Experts to push the Lying Crybaby Loser aside and start saving lives.
I understand Trump is feeling humiliated.
That’s it. That’s the tweet.
No surprise.
After 4 years of Incompetence, Stupidity and Sociopathy, this selfish Man-Child has no problem letting thousands more die on his way out the door.
Jan.20 can’t come soon enough.
I’ve known Ron Klain for 20 years. President Biden couldn’t have chosen a better person to be his Chief-of-Staff.
The People’s House will be in intelligent experienced and steady hands.
Congratulations Ron.
I still have a hard time believing that for the past 4 years the United States of America was led by a Criminal Racist 2 year old.
But once he finishes throwing his tantrum, he’ll be gone.
Since Donald Trump has already stopped doing his job(and never really did)why wait until Jan.20.
He should leave now and let Joe Biden do what he could never do; be a real President.
Donald Trump has been protected against a lifetime of failure. Until now.
His fall is exposed for the world to see.
And all the King’s sycophants and all the King’s enablers will not be able to put Trumpty together again.
You lost. Go home.
Joe Biden takes the first major step towards bringing Covid-19 under control.
He asks that we all wear masks.
Finally, a President who cares whether we live or die.
With massive challenges ahead, Trump is blocking Biden’s transition.
He’s a spoiled brat who knows he’s lost so he upends the game board with a infantile tantrum.
The people have spoken. Now let US govern.
The longer Trump refuses to accept reality, the more pathetic he becomes.
I almost feel bad for him. Almost.
We finally have a President who is human, decent, and loving.
A strong man who will restore the Soul of our Nation.
God love Joe Biden.
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Joseph R. Biden will be the 46th President of the United States.
Democracy will survive.
Ding Dong the Witch is dead.
Trump is throwing up all this legal garbage to prevent Joe Biden from claiming the Presidency.
A fool’s errand executed by a fool.
Joe Biden will be our 46th President.
President Biden. Sounds good.
No more hand wringing.
Joe Biden will be our next President.
It is time to Save Democracy.
It is time to Save Lives.
It is time to Vote for Joe.
It is time.
Trump will try anything and everything to keep US from voting.
It won’t work.
The Truth is Marching On.
2 days. Vote for Truth. Vote for Science. Vote for Humanity. Vote for Decency.
Vote for Inclusion. Vote for Democracy. Vote for Life.
VOTE!!!
3 days. With early voting winding down and Trump working overtime to steal your vote, time to focus like a laser on Nov.3!
Stay safe, wear masks, and swarm the polls!! 
Overwhelm! Vote in droves!
End the madness of this Lying Killer for good!
As his closing strategy, the President of the United States has chosen to reject science and consciously murder Americans.
That anyone can support someone who is consciously killing people makes your head explode.
In less than 4 days, we can and will make this insanity stop.
Vote for Decency. Vote for Humanity. Vote to restore the soul of our Nation.
The last 4 years have felt like a prison sentence.
In 4 days we will be released and if justice prevails, our jailer will start serving his sentence.
All he has left are Suppression, Intimidation, Lies and Cheating.
He will do it all. But he will lose. And Democracy will be saved.
5 days. IF YOU STILL HAVE YOUR MAIL-IN BALLOT, DON’T MAIL IT NOW. TAKE IT TO AN OFFICIAL DROP BOX OR TAKE IT DIRECTLY TO THE POLLS. 5 days.
Trump wants US to believe he’s succeeded in crushing the virus. He also wants us to believe he’s not a Racist, a Criminal, a misogynist, a Sociopath and a Pathological Liar.
Good luck with that. 6 days to end the Insanty.
My Lakers won the NBA title.
My Dodgers won the World Series.
Now a Biden landslide will begin to salvage 2020.
Chip in today at
We win Pennsylvania, Joe Biden is our next President.
It’s that simple.
Trump’s closing strategy: Blanket the country with super spreader rallies and kill as many Americans as possible.
Immediately after being sworn in, our latest Supreme Court Justice attends a campaign event for a disgraceful desperate Sociopath.
The Corruption is shameless.
Can’t wait until we have a President who cares whether or not we die.
In 8 days we’ll have a President who isn’t afraid to answer Leslie Stahl’s questions.
The WH is infected.
Meadows says they’re not going to control it.
Trump continues to lie and spread death all over the country. ENOUGH!
FUCK HIM! VOTE HIM OUT!!
Trump is the Johnny Appleseed of Death.
In 10 days, after 4 years of Lies, Incompetence and Criminality, we will begin to restore the Soul of our Nation.
There is no other way to view this: We have a President who is actively killing American citizens.
The closest Trump will ever get to Lincoln is when he drives through his tunnel.
The lies. All those lies.
12 days left of Lies, Stupidity, Incompetence, Sociopathathy, and Criminality.
12 days until Humanity, Decency, the Rule of Law, and Truth.
12 days to vote Biden and save Democracy.
And in comes the closer! President  Barack Obama throwing heat. Love it!
Donald Trump’s mental illness is on full display.
He doesn’t need to be re-elected. He needs help.
And we need stability.
We need Joe Biden.
13 days until sanity is restored.
Don’t know about you, but I’m exhausted of being outraged.
But we can’t rest until we restore Truth, Decency, Humanity and the Rule of Law to the Soul of our Nation.
14 days.
Trump’s brilliant closing argument: Fuck Science.
15 days to the end of a Moronic Sociopath.
Waiting to exhale. 16 days.
Donald Trump has committed a mountain of Impeachable offenses.
In 17 days, what Republican Senators were too frightened to do will be up to US.
Convict this Criminal and preserve Democracy.
I can’t believe I’m writing this but we have a President who embraces a group of people who believe Democrats are running a pedophile ring that sacrifices babies and drinks their blood.
18 days left in this insanity.
The Liar continued to lie with lies that will kill people.
19 days to remove a Criminal White Supremacist from the People’s House.
Don’t take your foot off the gas.
To preserve Democracy and restore the Rule of Law, we need a Landslide.
We can and we will do it.
Of the 10s of thousands of lies this Sociopath has told, saying the Coronavirus has turned a corner is unmitigated evil.
It is premeditated murder.
Like everything else in his life, he’s been an abject failure at handling this pandemic.
Rather than admit it, he’s going for “herd mentality”.
He’s fine with killing another 200,000.
Fuck him!
God bless the voters of Georgia.
They’re showing US how to rid America of Racist Criminal and restore the Rule of Law.
This President said California is going to hell.
In 22 days, this President is going to lose.
Then this President is going to prison.
After 4 years of doing everything he could to curry favor, Trump finally got the endorsement he coveted.
A full throated backing by The Taliban.
Panic, Desperation, Flop Sweat.
Whatever you wanna call it, the Sociopath is Toast.
But can’t take our foot off the gas pedal until the Criminal is behind bars.
We all know Trump is out of his fucking mind.
But he’s also a walking murder weapon.
McConnell, you say you’re frightened to go to the WH.
What the holy fuck? SPEAK UP! 25th Amendment!
There's a fine line between stupid and clever.
Join me, Chris Guest, Michael McKean and Harry Shearer on Oct.
4 for a Spinal Tap reunion to help the Pennsylvania Democratic Party and to find out where that line is.
For 4 years we’ve been imprisoned by an Ignorant Sociopath.
In 25 days we’ll be free so he can start serving his time.
That fly knew bullshit when it smelled it.
When watching the debate, there’s only one thing to consider.
Sen. Harris will need a plexiglass sheild to  protect herself from the head of the Coronavirus Task Force.
There’s not much more to say.
Donald Trump is a horrible human being.
And in 28 days we’ll be rid of him.
The denial of his physical illness has put his mental illness on full display.
He learned nothing.
He’s a murderer. And he will continue to murder.
The Country has been tortured by Donald Trump for 4 years.
211,000 of US have died.
In 29 days, the pain and suffering will end.
You learned a lot about Covid? Really? It’s only real if it happens to you? 210,000 people are dead!!
It’s a little late, schmuck!
Trump’s non MD employs a trusted medical procedure.
Don’t mention a patient was taking oxygen because it could make the illness worse.
Taught in the first day of med school.
The “don’t jinx it” treatment.
We’re fucked.
So the man who informs US of the condition of The President of the United States is not an MD.
We’re way beyond negligence.
We’ve entered willful endangerment of America.
Enough of this fucking shot!!!
Trump’s doctor tells US he knew he was sick with a highly contagious deadly disease and for  almost two days he interacted maskless infecting and potentially killing thousands.
This can not stand.
One Month.
You never want anyone to get sick, but if ever there was an “I told you so” moment, this is it.
You can’t spin a deadly virus.
This is a National Security Crisis.
We have a White House that has little to no credibility in telling the truth.
We are in the midst of a deadly pandemic.
Who can we trust?
The American people can handle the truth.
That damn hoax.
Announcing today: “This Is Spinal Tap” cast is reuniting to benefit the Democratic Party of Pennsylvania.
Join me, Christopher Guest, Harry Shearer and Michael McKean on Oct.14 for a virtual reunion and help @PADems #TakeItToEleven
I know the Press is trying to do its job, but there’s no point covering this President.
He’s a desperate mentally ill liar trying to avoid prison.
Save the ink. In 34 days we’ll have an actual President.
It has come to this: The President of the United States is a White Supremacist.
We just won the election.
There’s nothing to debate.
Either you want someone who would let 200,000 of US die or you don’t.
Either you want a Racist who cheats on his taxes or you don’t.
Either you want a Lying Criminal or you don’t.
The choice is simple. #VoteHimOut
Trump could easily prove the NYT story is a hoax.
Just show his taxes.
Of course he won’t do it because he’s a Lying Criminal.
Not to mention a compromised National Security threat and a pathetic excuse for a human being.
President Donald Capone.
The fact that a sitting President would lose, not accept the outcome of the election and resist the peaceful transfer of power is so insane that...
oh fuck, just Vote Him Out.
VOTE HIM OUT! VOTE HIM OUT! VOTE HIM OUT!!
We’ve been in a Constitutional Crisis for 4 years.
Not hyperbole.
In 40 days we will either still be a Democracy or be destroyed by a Fascist Sociopath.
Trump is actively using all the levers of government to steal the election.
He knows he’s gonna lose, so he’ll do anything, including tampering with electors to throw the results into question in hopes that his newly constituted SC will save him.
We can stop this crime. VOTE!
The more than 200,000 who have been killed are not nobodies.
The man who continues to kill them is.
Donald Trump has essentially shot and killed 100s of thousands Americans on 5th Ave, continues to do it every day, and he’s right, his cult doesn’t care.
But the rest of US do. In 42 days we will arrest the killer.
I’m sick and tired of Dems wringing their hands over GOP hypocrisy.
And stop saying all options are on the table.
Say what the options are!
And don’t threaten them, promise you will do them!
The question is: Will the Dems play hardball?
If they don’t they will be surrendering to the minority.
I wrote this today for The Boston Globe.