Dear Texas: This is what you get for re-electing Ted Cruz: a Supreme Court-stuffer with a merkin on his face (thanks to John Oliver for the merkin).
GOOD NEIGHBORS, by Sarah Langan 
Looks like my cup of blood.
Goes to the top of my want-to-read list.
Trump risked the lives of the Secret Service personnel who were in the drive-by SUV with him.
Lives risked for a publicity stunt.
They will need to quarantine for 14 days, doctors say.
My friend and collaborator Rich Chizmar sent me this 
Made me think of the foolish people who STILL refuse to wear masks and social distance: deadly children.,
I’m so sorry to hear it.
Trump's first order of business when he gets out of the hospital--or while he's still in it, via Twitter--is to issue an apology to the American people in general and his supporters in particular for his reckless example.
Need some get-it-together music this afternoon.
Starting with Van “the man” Morrison: Tupelo Honey.
You’re a dipshit for not taking precautions, but I wish you well.
The Trump mafia: I'd like to knock their stupid, maskless, superspreading heads together.
You bought it, you paid for it, have a nice fucking day.
Have to admit it sounds like one of mine.
Except where are the tentacles?
There should be tentacles.
Good golly, Trump and his fearless band of goonies spread that shit everywhere, didn't they?
Secret Service agent: “Trump has never cared about us.”
My mother used to tell me when I was a kid: 
“Stephen, if you keep looking for trouble, you’ll find it.”
850 Americans died of COVID-19 yesterday.
None got the special “antibody cocktail.”
FOX AND FRIENDS: Always interesting to check and see what they are NOT talking about.
Today the non-topic is Trump's flaunting of CDC guidelines re masks.
Wear your mask when with others.
That would be like watching the twins in THE SHINING,only scarier.
MR. MERCEDES on Peacock this month.
Let’s roll.
Dear Texas: Your governor, Greg Abbott, is trying to suppress your vote.
Is that Julia Roberts in the Capital One ad?
I'd love to see the closet in Mildred Ratched's motel room.
That woman's got a TON of fancy clothes.
Can you imagine the dry cleaning bill?
Trump is an asshole.
Yes, but there is nothing so satisfying of saying—as one might to Donald Trump—
“You are a complete numpty.”
Don: Knock-knock!
Joe: Who's there?
Don: Interrupting racist!
Joe: Interrupting racist w--
Don: PROUD BOYS STAND BY!
Debate Commission and future moderators: 
Remember that when Donald Trump is on that stage, he comes not as president but as just another candidate.
When it's not his turn to speak, SHUT HIM UP.
The debate commission (whoever they are) needs to discuss ways of stopping Trump in the next 2 debates from the constant interruptions and hectoring.
No matter who you think "won," as an educational tool for voters, last night was useless.
In the next debate, the moderator(s) have to have the power to cut the mics.
Trump’s crazy.”WE CUGHT EM! We caught em all!”
You’ve got a decent man vs. a hulking, loudmouth bully with no specific plans on anything.
Cut his mike when he interrupts.
It’s on.
I'm 4 episodes into RATCHED, and two people have gone into that handy mental institution crematorium.
So...batting .500.
Nothing like a shout-out from the one n only Kim Coates.
Enjoying RATCHED 
The music is positively Hitchcockian.
Curious to see how Trump will fare without his cheering section.
Hey hey, ho ho,
#LeningradLindsey has to go.
Molly is better. 😀
BAD DAD REHAB!
To be followed by BAD MOMS IN THE SUN!
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe all the medieval "curative treatments" depicted in RATCHED were actually practiced at one time in mental institutions.
POOL BOY NIGHTMARE sounds like it might be about Jerry Falwell Jr.
The titles aRe sometimes better than the movies, but you never know.
I enjoy Lifetime Movie Network films while doing morning exercises.
How can you go wrong with DERANGED GRANNY?
Trump supporters, explain to your children why you are supporting an adulterer, draft dodger, liar, and tax cheat.
Bonus point if you avoid telling them the lie that it’s “fake news.”
Ellacott. 
My goof, can't blame this one on autocorrect.
TROUBLED BLOOD is as good or better than the other Cormoran Strike/Robin Ellicott novels.
J. K. Rowling is a wonderful storyteller and a gifted stylist.
I'm loving this one.
Trump supporters don't believe the info about Trump's tax cheating is important, even if true.
Assure them that it is true and it matters a great deal.
He's a HUGE national security risk.
RATCHED, Episode 1: Every mental institution (at least in films) should have its own crematorium, don't you gree?
Also, every nurse should wear bright red lipstick and three-quarter heels.
So comfy for those long shifts!
The Thing of Evil fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.
(Tower illustration by tattooist Robert Ryan) 
Molly is improving.
She really was quite ill.
Got a couple of shots and took a bunch of probiotics.
I don't exactly know what those are, but I guess they're good.
I have to get my Al Green on today.
Some Jackie Wilson. Otis Redding. Rufus Thomas. And "The Dark End of the Street." James Carr, I think.
Oh, and George McCrae--"Rock Your Baby." 
Molly, aka the Thing of Evil, as a youngster (picture stored in 2016, actually taken in 2014).
Look at that face--evil from the beginning.
It's funny what Mom-isms stick with you.
Mine used to say, "Eat your crusts, Stephen--they polish your teeth." Then there was, "Don't wear rubber boots in the house, they'll draw the blood to your feet and give you a headache."
Trump supporters don't wear masks because it's their way of saying "I'm with stupid."
Let's celebrate this guy's birthday.
Me: Want to hear a limerick I made up?
Twitter: No.
Me: Okay, here is is:
There was a young man from Heath,
So proud of his new Christmas wreath,
He hung it up in July
And when I asked him why,
He said, "None of your fucking business."
Good, huh?
Lindsey Graham is your basic lyin‘ hypocritical peckerwood.
According to AP, the American death toll from COVID-19 is equal to the number killed on 9/11...FOR 67 STRAIGHT DAYS.
He’s also delivered 8100 dead of COVID-19 to Pennsylvania.
His watch, his responsibility.
Everyone has their own relentless earworm.
Mine is "Disco Duck," by Rick Dees.
Hey hey, ho ho,
Donald Trump has got to go.
Remind Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity, and all the other well-fed white men and women at Faux News: 200,000.
200,000 dead from COVID-19.
At least 145,000 of those deaths could have been prevented if President Trump had taken decisive action.
He did not, and because he did not, he does not deserve a second term.
He’s also delivered 4600 COVID-19 dead to grieving Ohio families. 
I'm very excited that Peacock is doing the first 3 seasons of MR. MERCEDES.
I love this one, and am glad I can share it with a wider audience!
I'm sure Trump sent me a card, but with the mail service so fucked up I didn't get it yet.
Maybe he slipped a $10 in there, y'think?
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes, Twitter.

