Well done
Nope. Not one.
well played
Absolutely. 
I do mine in heavy duty freezer zip top bags and bring them back in warm water 
(if you have an immersion circulator set to 125 and leave them for an hour).
It needs an actual washing. 
You can try getting it really hot and adding water to boil that off but I think it may actually need washing.
Interesting...indeed it is a sitcom. 
It should have been on top 10 list for sure.
I can't really vouch for either but I would stray from a power tool in this instance.
No. That's a slice. 
You see, the bread/sauce/cheese are integrated by being cooked together into one thing.
You tell me.
I'm convinced that gin is the superior Bloody Mary spirit. Oh...and tequila.
I will be very interested to read this.
Thank you so much.
Hmmm
Yeah. I’m kinda over that too
Thank you for noticing the RF nod. 
I didn’t think anyone would get it.
That’s originally how it was written!
Peanuts
I really wouldn’t do that.
I know it sounds right but...no. 
Vital gluten is produced in such a way that I don’t find it to be a replacement for the protein in flour.
I am indeed. 
My daily ride is an ‘84 911
No. And no.
It stands for “Wonka.”
Maybe
I love it.
It is.
For those that wondered, the “W” was for Wonka.
I will always love you first.
eBay
I know the world’s on fire and all but “The House That Dripped Chocolate” premieres on @FoodNetwork at 9 pm eastern and it’s my precious (bloodied) labor of love something that would be love if it weren’t so damned creepy.
spectacular
Well okay then.
Absolutely.
First ep of a new season.
Me too.
Wow. Thank you.
Trust me.
Dang
Tonight’s the night. 
Catch the premiere of “The House That Dripped Chocolate,” a masterpiece of culinary horror at 9pm EST on @FoodNetwork. 
Or stream it for free on the Food Network Watch app, no log-in required. 
#goodeatsthereturn 
#leavethelightson
Hotdogs are sandwiches. 
We’ve already settled this.
Manners maketh man.
If elected, i will have marshmallows classified as a vegetable because they used to be made with flowers.
Ouch
Hey food fans, @IngramElizabeth and I will be concocting some comestibles at 8pm eastern on the @foodnetwork app. 
Alcohol will be involved.
It's not about insulation. 
It's about moisture loss/intrusion. 
Still this isn't full on correct.
Sometimes just mad
I hate it so bad.
Excuse me? I do what?
Last night's #QuarantineQuitchen got a little trashy and a lot...cheesy. 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: LINK 
Did someone set Forrest Gump on fire? 
That’s just mean!
we're doing our best to just be a fun place to go...you know?
Yeah, well they don’t pay us so...
Wow
We’ve been slack due to good eats production. 
We’ll get a tune on next week
Yeah but alcohol doesn’t know!
Not even
Nailed it!
Just so you know, @IngramElizabeth and I don’t do #QuarantineQuitchen for money or brand management or anything other than we really have come to value having you all into our home. 
Always honest, never scripted and sponsored by nobody never.
See you there.
Because I have just about had it.
Oh...and I’m going to start drinking at 7.
Don’t blame you
Dark
#QuarantineQuitchen is back tonight at 8pm on my YouTube Chanel but you probably don’t want to watch because odds are @IngramElizabeth and I are gonna use some language. 
So...just...don’t.
Nothing can get you through the madness better than the love of a dog. Let’s get this lady a home.
You can’t change definitions just because the food is good.
Don’t know
Um...no
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, Chef.
Why? QQ@is on tomorrow night!!
That is scary.
Like scary stories? 
Catch The House That Dripped Chocolate, October 8 at 9 PM EST on @FoodNetwork for a cautionary, confectionary tale... 
#goodeatsthereturn
YOU SHUT YOUR PIE HOLE!
It's a convection roaster...there's no such thing as frying in air.
Shake it over the trash can.
Hot air popcorn popper.
Well...I do like a big toaster oven
Whatever
How can you love me and tell me not to be literal?!?
Convective broilers
Well stated.
It’s a 360 convective broiler
Clearly I’m not.
Frying is frying and is defined by immersion in fat.
That’s not pedantry, that’s fact and it’s a fact worth understanding.
Barely
EXACTLY!!!
I endorse this message
I love this so much
I would have told you your turkey is on fire but didn’t want to give any information that might steer the course of Thanksgiving dinner  in another direction.
Absolute truth
It’s the only cookie I dream about.
There is no such thing as “air frying.” 
So stop talking about it like it’s a thing.
Because...no
Can you share the recipe?
On it
I spotted it first, dammit!
I am with you.
Just wrapped the new season of Good Eats: The Return.
Thank you to my crew for not killing me and for amazingly expressing their talents all while wearing masks and face shields and washing their hands 375 times a day.
Cooking up something wicked...delicious.
Don't miss #GoodEatsTheReturn's Halloween special, The House That Dripped Chocolate, coming to @FoodNetwork next Thursday, October 8 at 9 PM EST.
Last night was...our anniversary.
Check out the highlights below, or catch the full show here : LINK  
Sprinkles suck
Landing
Two Benadryl and several bourbons...but no not really.
Belize
The hero we need.
Done
Point taken.
I’m not watching anymore.
Embarrassing on both sides.
Dear #Godzilla...NOW!
But is it?
Or is it about man’s constant battle with God?
Gentlemen, you can’t fight in here.
This is the war room!
I hear @MerriamWebster is updating their definition of “shit show.”
Hey guys...what’s on TV?
Does that mean “Cutthroat Kitchen?”
The #barbuto cookbook is finally here!
I have no idea where to start.
Tonight at 8pm eastern #QuarantineQuitchen will be live with @IngramElizabeth and me drinking an appropriate amount in preparation for whatever may happen later...you know...at 9.
Done
Well done!
Professional only!
No. It’s a canapé.
No. It certainly isn’t.
Don’t use carrots.
One of my proudest moments. 
Therefore: tacos are @tacos and are deserving of their own culinary category.
Burritos are enclosed wraps.
Henceforth my definition of “sandwich” is: any food designed to be conveyed to the mouth by fingers whereby the food and fingers are separated by leavened bread which directly juxtaposes at least two sides of the filling and is consumed along with the filling.
Furthermore, “open-face” sandwiches are big, fat fakers...not sandwiches at all!
Oh, and once and for all: a hotdog sure as s__t is a sandwich.
We're still not sure whether we drank rum or bourbon...but here's a taste of what else you missed on last night's #QuarantineQuitchen.
 Catch the full show here: LINK 
Cheesecake is in fact a custard pie.
Don’t bother replying in the negative.
Just adjust your world view and move on with life.
Let me put this to rest: cheesecake is pie.
At 7:55 tonight @IngramElizabeth and I will remove our clothing.
At 8:00 we will begin a live episode of #QuarantineQuitchen on my #youtube channel.
(At 7:58 we will hastily re-dress...or will we?) 
That’s right...I have my own rhino!
 I know I’ll probably never meet Apollo but I sure do like being able to help him, even from half a world away.
#WorldRhinoDay2020
Dear @SenatorLoeffler, Attila the Hun was referred to as “Flagellum Dei.”  I know you don’t know what that means  but you might want to have someone google it.

