IT’S PARTEY TIMEEEEEE
this is fantastic
Amid all of this there are still people being evicted from their homes, people rationing food so there's enough to eat, people choosing which bills they can pay and which they can't, people with no health insurance because they lost their job.
It's infuriating.
It's unacceptable.
Imagine being the family member of a secret service agent and watching that.
This Premier League season is going to be wild and I am here for it.
thanks so much for reading, Soledad
This is the stuff I love to see @Arsenal
thanks fam.
this was very helpful
I can imagine!
Alright, after three months we’ve finally finished all six seasons of The Sopranos.
Please send me the best thing you’ve read to help me make sense of that final episode...
I’m so sorry
thank you for sharing
Thinking about all those who have been turned away from the hospital and told to go home.
Who have been forced to decide between their job and their health.
Who were as careful as they could be.
Who have gotten exposed to this virus because of other people’s callous indifference.
Chris i wish they tasted good unfortunately they taste like cat poop
I would like to make an amendment to a previous declaration I’ve made, I once said sweet potatoes and all things made from them were gross.
But I just had some sweet potatoes noodles for the first time and they were kind of incredible.
With the beef teriyaki?! *chef’s kiss*
👀
thank you for sharing with your students!
congrats, Roberto!
I really wanted to see him lay for Nigeria.
Not too late though, just depends on if he gets on the field
“The subtle and deadly change of heart that might occur in you would be involved with the realization that a civilization is not destroyed by wicked people; 
it is not necessary that people be wicked but only that they be spineless.” - James Baldwin
Looking forward to this LINK 
“The World Bank predicts the number of people living in extreme poverty will rise by anywhere from 70 million to 100 million this year, and may stay that way for several years as the coronavirus-related slowdown in economic growth is expected to linger”
I just want better for us than this.
they should revisit this
Genuine question, can’t they just cut off the other person’s mic when the other is giving their two minutes?
This man literally told white supremacists to “stand by.”
So many people have died.
Always remember they didn’t have to.
This is bananas
What a legend LINK 
Best biography I’ve ever read.
This is an important story.
you already know
When I’m flipping through old books I can always tell which ones I read in college because they’re stained with the grease of many late night cheese quesadillas.
But we’re on the right track.
Trust the process.
I mean, at the end of the day Liverpool is just better than us.
Lacazette wyd man
I hope we sign Aouar soon.
That’s an incredible tweet lol
booooooo
i hate this peacock delay
ugh
I’LL TAKE THAT YES I WILL
It's not too late to sign up: LINK 
Please fill out the census.
I hate Manchester United but I love Marcus Rashford.
I wrote about how, despite what the president wants you think, teaching students about the history of slavery is one of the most patriotic things you can do.
Will always be grateful to @nhannahjones for including me in the 1619 project.
Grateful as well to the teachers who use it in their classrooms.
I'm thinking of all the ppl who knew Breonna Taylor before she became hashtag.
The people who raised her, the people who held her, the people who laughed with her, the people who cried with her, the people who dreamed with her.
They didn't deserve this.
She didn't deserve this.
It’s rooted in a uniquely American youth sports industry built around economic and social capital.
The industry fuels a sprawling soccer network that excludes minorities and perpetuates the power of those white men in charge. 
This is a book you want to order ASAP.
It's so funny when your kids become old enough to try &amp; manipulate you.
3 yr old furrowed his brow &amp; said "Daddy, you're a great person, a great person, which is why you should get me pizza, you're such a great person.
So great."
We did not order pizza, but I respect the effort.
Can’t wait to read this.
They'll always show you who they really are.
Just did a zoom writing workshop w/some 9th grade students from North Carolina &amp; even in the midst of a global pandemic I remain astounded at young ppl's capacity for empathy & vulnerability.
Their lives have been turned upside down, but they remain so generous with one another.

