The Country has been tortured by Donald Trump for 4 years.
211,000 of US have died.
In 29 days, the pain and suffering will end.
You learned a lot about Covid? Really? It’s only real if it happens to you? 210,000 people are dead!!
It’s a little late, schmuck!
Trump’s non MD employs a trusted medical procedure.
Don’t mention a patient was taking oxygen because it could make the illness worse.
Taught in the first day of med school.
The “don’t jinx it” treatment.
We’re fucked.
So the man who informs US of the condition of The President of the United States is not an MD.
We’re way beyond negligence.
We’ve entered willful endangerment of America.
Enough of this fucking shot!!!
Trump’s doctor tells US he knew he was sick with a highly contagious deadly disease and for  almost two days he interacted maskless infecting and potentially killing thousands.
This can not stand.
One Month.
You never want anyone to get sick, but if ever there was an “I told you so” moment, this is it.
You can’t spin a deadly virus.
This is a National Security Crisis.
We have a White House that has little to no credibility in telling the truth.
We are in the midst of a deadly pandemic.
Who can we trust?
The American people can handle the truth.
That damn hoax.
Announcing today: “This Is Spinal Tap” cast is reuniting to benefit the Democratic Party of Pennsylvania.
Join me, Christopher Guest, Harry Shearer and Michael McKean on Oct.14 for a virtual reunion and help @PADems #TakeItToEleven
I know the Press is trying to do its job, but there’s no point covering this President.
He’s a desperate mentally ill liar trying to avoid prison.
Save the ink. In 34 days we’ll have an actual President.
It has come to this: The President of the United States is a White Supremacist.
We just won the election.
There’s nothing to debate.
Either you want someone who would let 200,000 of US die or you don’t.
Either you want a Racist who cheats on his taxes or you don’t.
Either you want a Lying Criminal or you don’t.
The choice is simple. #VoteHimOut
