The abolitionist David Walker wrote a prayer that started “Oh Lord, please deliver us from the white Christians.”
They can’t help themselves.
Sending strength, peace and wishes for a full recovery to my @HowardU classmate @AnandaLewis
The only other option is that he has a case bad enough to require hospitalization but bounces back so quickly he can hit the trail again within 2 weeks.
Does anybody think that’s realistic?
That’s why the lies and misdirection surrounding the timing of his diagnosis are so frustrating.
We have no idea how quickly this is actually happening.
Yes.
So the campaign is effectively over and the last time the public saw this dude he was snarling, screaming and insulting his opponent’s son for having a drug problem. Nice parting image.
Stephen Miller fear-tweeting as he awaits his own test results.
Wowww
I can’t believe he just said this. No, for real.
I can’t believe *he* just said this.
Damn.
Asked why they refuse to mention Herman Cain’s death they fall back on the reflex answer “He should’ve stopped resisting the police.”
Even Ralph Ellison would be shocked by this shit tho.
Why is this still happening?
So a month before the most crucial election of our lives we have a COVID cluster working it way through the White House, an infected president and a challenger who spent 90 minutes in a room with multiple likely contagious people.
We’re living in an episode of “24.”
Uh yeah.
He literally said they haven’t had any problems come out of the rallies.
Like they’d already forgotten that Cain died.
True, true.
Think whatever you want but tweeting ill wishes or voicing a hope for his demise is likely the stupidest thing you can do right now.
There’s a case for releasing this early.
Like tonight.
Forget any hope of criticizing the undergrads for ANY violation of the protocols.
I believe it was fuck.
As in “who gives a fuck about Christmas.”
Did we not visit this question when Ronny Jackson held that office?
This is the problem with having a chronic, prolific liar in office.
He submitted a fake letter about his health during the 2016 election.
There’s zero reason to take his word for anything.
I’m not saying this is false but we certainly should not presume it to be true on the basis of a tweet from him.
It was already clear that the debates were a waste of time but now there’s no real justification for having more of them.
Chris Wallace should be tested immediately too even just to gauge the risk of people in that room on Tuesday.
2020 is James Brown throwing off the cape.
Keep Pelosi in an isolation chamber.
I woulda bought you a gift but, y’know...
Are we sure this is true?
I only saw one episode.
Gonna give it one more before deciding.
Where can I find the original?
Watched Utopia because I had insomnia.
Trying to decide what I think of Episode 1.
Right.
Wait, I didn’t know there was a UK version.
Is it streaming someplace?
Is anyone else watching Utopia?
No, actual oatmeal with pb and a dash of j.
Hola!
Congrats!
Right. Mine has been all over the map since March.
I’ve given up and decided that I’m just up virtuously early.
good luck with the recovery!
Yep.
Ha!
peanut butter &amp; jelly oatmeal with coconut milk.
if it doesn’t cure insomnia it at least makes me feel better about being awake.
There’s that.
That end-stage level of insomnia where even your friends on the West Coast are asleep already...
This.
*Losing
Or even, as Tom Friedman said, refuse to continue any further debates until he releases his taxes.
I think you’re right.
The Biden people are probably concerned about looking like they’ve backed out and he’s afraid of Trump but in reality they’ve won and have nothing left to prove.
For kinfolk, yes. But skinfolk don’t believe in all that.
I’ve often heard it said that to whom much is given, much is required. 
But not the other part: to whom nothing is given we expect even more.
The person who told Biden to keep looking at the camera and addressing the viewers deserves a raise. 
Every time he started a sentence with “Folks” it was like he was breaking the 4th wall on the world’s shittiest reality tv program.
The next #VERZUZ should be skinfolk vs. kinfolk.
Smiling and shuffling would be more dignified than this act.
Trump was using interruptions last night the way a loser boxer uses a clench — an attempt to stop the action that you don’t have an answer for and that is putting your opponent ahead on the scorecards.
I said the same.
One Country For Old Men
Future moderators need to have the capacity to cut off the mics.
But not really tho.
The thugs I knew really were about that life.
But this dude only talks a big game.
The phrase is “Keep my son’s name out your mouth.”
I saw that. Weak.
I’m referring to the interruptions.
Chris Wallace taking a lot of heat for his moderation but I’m not sure how he could reign in the red-faced one short of cutting his mic.
If you give me $5 million I’ll tell you.
(Wait, I just did.)
You ain’t know?
Whoever told him to keep looking at the camera and saying “This guy is lying to you” is smart.
Otherwise it would lapse into just two old guys yelling on tv.
Would it be worth it?
Just once I want someone to look at Trump after he’s insulted their family member and say “Mention my son/daughter/wife/father again and we’ll finish this debate in the parking lot.”
Pretty sure Ben Gay is going to surge in the polls tomorrow.
I’m thrilled to have been able to participate on the jury.
A well-deserved and timely recognition for work whose import has only become more apparent.
The odd thing about this whole “Park Avenue vs Scranton” thing is that the incumbent is going to get blown out on Park Avenue, uptown and downtown.
If anything, he’s likely to be more competitive in Scranton.
From a standpoint of scandal it almost would’ve been better for him to have paid zero than to pay $750.
The pittance is an insult in its own right.
As @JoyAnnReid pointed out, the number is memorable.
Everyone knows just how much money that is, or rather isn’t.
Not that there wasn’t already cause for concern but a narcissistic fear of humiliation is now even more closely paired with legal liability as reasons trump could do absolutely anything, including use of force, in the coming election.
Our situation has grown even more dangerous.
Other scenario that occurred to me: after 4 years antagonizing and persecuting civil service employees his future will be in the hands of them should he lose this election.
It’ll also be interesting to see what a Biden DOJ or IRS would do with this situation.
Secondary implications for this story are the Trump offspring.
They may not care that the likelihood of him leaving office in ignominy is higher.
But the likelihood of him going broke immediately afterward tho...
Michael Cohen wearing Trump out on MSNBC.
In the year he paid $750 in taxes I paid more than $3 million.
If I went to jail for 3 years for tax evasion he should get 300 years.
To be a fly on Tish James’s wall right now...
This part.
It’s odd that some people think this is debatable.
National sovereignty is a fairly low prerequisite for superpower status.
Can you really say that about a country whose elections are besieged by foreign intervention and whose leadership does nothing about it?
yes, because men who have daughters are never sexist.
The United States is not a super power.
Damn, this really got to me.
This person not only helped a cancer survivor regain her strength, he performed a service to American Democracy, such as that term applies.
Damn. 
For some unknown reason polls show Georgia now leaning toward Biden...
Wow.
As evidenced by the fact that you couldn’t even find a black PR person to tell you not to say this dumb sh*t.
I think by “his community” they mean white people.
This isn’t even surreal anymore.
Its just stupid.

