The Country has been tortured by Donald Trump for 4 years.
211,000 of US have died.
In 29 days, the pain and suffering will end.
You learned a lot about Covid? Really? It’s only real if it happens to you? 210,000 people are dead!!
It’s a little late, schmuck!
Trump’s non MD employs a trusted medical procedure.
Don’t mention a patient was taking oxygen because it could make the illness worse.
Taught in the first day of med school.
The “don’t jinx it” treatment.
We’re fucked.
So the man who informs US of the condition of The President of the United States is not an MD.
We’re way beyond negligence.
We’ve entered willful endangerment of America.
Enough of this fucking shot!!!
Trump’s doctor tells US he knew he was sick with a highly contagious deadly disease and for  almost two days he interacted maskless infecting and potentially killing thousands.
This can not stand.
One Month.
You never want anyone to get sick, but if ever there was an “I told you so” moment, this is it.
You can’t spin a deadly virus.
This is a National Security Crisis.
We have a White House that has little to no credibility in telling the truth.
We are in the midst of a deadly pandemic.
Who can we trust?
The American people can handle the truth.
That damn hoax.
Announcing today: “This Is Spinal Tap” cast is reuniting to benefit the Democratic Party of Pennsylvania.
Join me, Christopher Guest, Harry Shearer and Michael McKean on Oct.14 for a virtual reunion and help @PADems #TakeItToEleven
I know the Press is trying to do its job, but there’s no point covering this President.
He’s a desperate mentally ill liar trying to avoid prison.
Save the ink. In 34 days we’ll have an actual President.
It has come to this: The President of the United States is a White Supremacist.
We just won the election.
There’s nothing to debate.
Either you want someone who would let 200,000 of US die or you don’t.
Either you want a Racist who cheats on his taxes or you don’t.
Either you want a Lying Criminal or you don’t.
The choice is simple. #VoteHimOut
Trump could easily prove the NYT story is a hoax.
Just show his taxes.
Of course he won’t do it because he’s a Lying Criminal.
Not to mention a compromised National Security threat and a pathetic excuse for a human being.
President Donald Capone.
The fact that a sitting President would lose, not accept the outcome of the election and resist the peaceful transfer of power is so insane that...
oh fuck, just Vote Him Out.
VOTE HIM OUT! VOTE HIM OUT! VOTE HIM OUT!!
We’ve been in a Constitutional Crisis for 4 years.
Not hyperbole.
In 40 days we will either still be a Democracy or be destroyed by a Fascist Sociopath.
Trump is actively using all the levers of government to steal the election.
He knows he’s gonna lose, so he’ll do anything, including tampering with electors to throw the results into question in hopes that his newly constituted SC will save him.
We can stop this crime. VOTE!
The more than 200,000 who have been killed are not nobodies.
The man who continues to kill them is.
Donald Trump has essentially shot and killed 100s of thousands Americans on 5th Ave, continues to do it every day, and he’s right, his cult doesn’t care.
But the rest of US do. In 42 days we will arrest the killer.
I’m sick and tired of Dems wringing their hands over GOP hypocrisy.
And stop saying all options are on the table.
Say what the options are!
And don’t threaten them, promise you will do them!
The question is: Will the Dems play hardball?
If they don’t they will be surrendering to the minority.
I wrote this today for The Boston Globe.

