Do you need to talk?
crickets
me too.
Hey, @IngramElizabeth  and I support @atl_familymeal and our local hospitality workers. 
Tonight, you can too by dropping by http://feedthefamatl.org  at 7pm for a virtual food & music festival sponsored by  @SanPellegrino. 
#feedthefam

Well, thanks for watching anyway. 
I appreciate it.
Sorry about that.
Trying to reach out and you know...care.
That's my answer as well.
I did. I was out in two hours!
The only soft drink I ever really loved.
By the way, the reason auto deaths are going up is because people have decided to act on the roads as they do on social media.
I'll debate MYSELF!
I live in Atlanta.
That is a very interesting choice! 
I must try that right away because my toddies have been lacking bandaid.
I'm seriously thinking of hosting my own town hall...
#everyonesdoingit
I can't wait to catch a cold so I can drink scotch toddies for breakfast without everyone getting all judgey.
Mara, I don’t think there’s a cure for “tiny balls.”
I had mine out all summer.
Also #hangontoyourhat a folded slice of pizza is a quesadilla.
"Open-faced sandwich" is an oxymoron.
naturally I meant barroom,  bar-room, or bar room but I like ball room brawl so much better!
No. I said it's reasonable to me. 
I said nothing of Georgia.
Monkeyshines are my favorite but no...nor any of the above.
I think it already has.
They're a separate network really and they don't tell me a darned thing...so I'm afraid I can't help you. Sorry.
LOVE
no...I stole
Well if I'm not the patron saint of mediocrity I don't know who is.
We have tried and for a while we did but it turned out the shipping to CA cost more than the items. 
And we had to fill out paperwork on every single shipment. 
There doesn't seem to be a way around it for a tiny company like mine.
That's the one. 
I got there at 6:45 and was out by 8:45.
On my last tour, Canada wouldn't allow my trusted bus driver into the country because he got arrested for a ball room brawl there 20 years ago. Reasonable?
Jeremy, I bet you've had, and been willing, to wait longer for one of those toys you collect. Hmmm?
DONT YOU JUDGE ME
No
Why not? Please explain. 
I've seen people wait in line much longer for sneakers.
That would have required removal of masks so I brought tequila shots and small straws instead.
Why is it not reasonable? 
When a lot of people show up for something they form this thing called a "line" (or a que in England) and then they wait. 
This often happens when something of value is desired.
Nope. Mask.
As I said to another tweeter, I've waited longer for a doughnut. 
I waited longer for an iPhone 5. 
When I was a kid I waited 17 hours for Led Zeppelin tickets.
I'm not sorry at all.
Yes. It is. 
I've waited longer for a doughnut.
Waited in line a  reasonable 2 hours to vote  in Marietta, Ga. this morning.  
New print/scan ballot system worked just fine and the poll workers were courteous and knowledgeable. 
No shenanigans inside or out.
Showed up to vote at 6:45 and already 100 folks in line.
I shall report this to my geeks.
If you missed #QuarantineQuitchen last night, you missed...even more kale... 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: https://youtu.be/VQO1wSbpw5U

Perfect
If you saw #TheHouseThatDrippedChocolate you may have noticed this homage to #HauntingofHillHouse 
What can i say...i steal.
Don't argue with me.
Religion Speech Press Assembly Petition 6th Grade
Thank you.
The fact that you left out The Changeling throws a shroud over your entire list.
don't do that yet
Thank you.
We shall look into this immediately.
Happy to announce that the newly renovated, refurbished, and rehabilitated https://t.co/CkyQ4GSYh2 is on line. 
So, drop by and poke around.
Glad you like it!
We’re working on it
Close but not identical. 
Good eye.
You’re gonna blow the transaxle.
Want to be sure? 
Take off and nuke the whole site from orbit.
eastern...sorry.
May I ask what platform you were on and what device?
Quarantine Quitchen is live tonight at 8pm on my YouTube channel. 
There will be drinking and cussing and probably dancing so if that stuff offends you...well then...bite me.
Now shut up, get off your knees and send me more Jäger!
Thanks for alerting us. 
The site has only soft launched...we're working on it.
We have no idea what we’ll cook on #quarantinequitchen tonight but @IngramElizabeth and i will be drinking “Aviations,” and yes to the  creme de violette.
It’s so adorable how you thought I didn’t know that.
These folks are probably the most ingenious storytellers in America so you might check this out.
How many of you out there would appreciate a book written for really smart people who really don't know a damn thing about cooking but wish they did?
There is no such thing as air frying...


Well done

Nope. Not one.

well played

Absolutely. 
I do mine in heavy duty freezer zip top bags and bring them back in warm water 
(if you have an immersion circulator set to 125 and leave them for an hour).

It needs an actual washing. 
You can try getting it really hot and adding water to boil that off but I think it may actually need washing.

Interesting...indeed it is a sitcom. 
It should have been on top 10 list for sure.

I can't really vouch for either but I would stray from a power tool in this instance.

No. That's a slice. 
You see, the bread/sauce/cheese are integrated by being cooked together into one thing.

You tell me.
I'm convinced that gin is the superior Bloody Mary spirit. Oh...and tequila.

I will be very interested to read this.

Thank you so much.

Hmmm

Yeah. I’m kinda over that too

Thank you for noticing the RF nod. 
I didn’t think anyone would get it.

That’s originally how it was written!

Peanuts

I really wouldn’t do that.

I know it sounds right but...no. 
Vital gluten is produced in such a way that I don’t find it to be a replacement for the protein in flour.

I am indeed. 
My daily ride is an ‘84 911

No. And no.

It stands for “Wonka.”

Maybe

I love it.

It is.
For those that wondered, the “W” was for Wonka.

I will always love you first.

eBay

I know the world’s on fire and all but “The House That Dripped Chocolate” premieres on @FoodNetwork at 9 pm eastern and it’s my precious (bloodied) labor of love something that would be love if it weren’t so damned creepy.

spectacular

Well okay then.

Absolutely.

First ep of a new season.

Me too.

Wow. Thank you.

Trust me.

Dang

Tonight’s the night. 
Catch the premiere of “The House That Dripped Chocolate,” a masterpiece of culinary horror at 9pm EST on @FoodNetwork. 
Or stream it for free on the Food Network Watch app, no log-in required. 
#goodeatsthereturn 
#leavethelightson

Hotdogs are sandwiches. 
We’ve already settled this.

Manners maketh man.

If elected, i will have marshmallows classified as a vegetable because they used to be made with flowers.

Ouch

Hey food fans, @IngramElizabeth and I will be concocting some comestibles at 8pm eastern on the @foodnetwork app. 
Alcohol will be involved.

It's not about insulation. 
It's about moisture loss/intrusion. 
Still this isn't full on correct.

Sometimes just mad

I hate it so bad.

Excuse me? I do what?

Last night's #QuarantineQuitchen got a little trashy and a lot...cheesy. 
Check out the highlights below or catch the full show here: https://youtube.com/watch?v=xZhawID2bHU&feature=youtu.be

Did someone set Forrest Gump on fire? 
That’s just mean!

we're doing our best to just be a fun place to go...you know?

Yeah, well they don’t pay us so...

Wow

We’ve been slack due to good eats production. 
We’ll get a tune on next week

Yeah but alcohol doesn’t know!

Not even

Nailed it!

Just so you know, @IngramElizabeth and I don’t do #QuarantineQuitchen for money or brand management or anything other than we really have come to value having you all into our home. 
Always honest, never scripted and sponsored by nobody never.

See you there.
Because I have just about had it.
Oh...and I’m going to start drinking at 7.

Don’t blame you

Dark

#QuarantineQuitchen is back tonight at 8pm on my YouTube Chanel but you probably don’t want to watch because odds are @IngramElizabeth and I are gonna use some language. 
So...just...don’t.

Nothing can get you through the madness better than the love of a dog. Let’s get this lady a home.

You can’t change definitions just because the food is good.

Don’t know

Um...no

Thank you, sir.

Thank you, Chef.

Why? QQ@is on tomorrow night!!

That is scary.

Like scary stories? 
Catch The House That Dripped Chocolate, October 8 at 9 PM EST on @FoodNetwork for a cautionary, confectionary tale... 
#goodeatsthereturn

YOU SHUT YOUR PIE HOLE!

It's a convection roaster...there's no such thing as frying in air.
Shake it over the trash can.
Hot air popcorn popper.


Well...I do like a big toaster oven

Whatever

How can you love me and tell me not to be literal?!?

Convective broilers

Well stated.

It’s a 360 convective broiler

Clearly I’m not.

Frying is frying and is defined by immersion in fat.

That’s not pedantry, that’s fact and it’s a fact worth understanding.

Barely

EXACTLY!!!

I endorse this message

I love this so much

I would have told you your turkey is on fire but didn’t want to give any information that might steer the course of Thanksgiving dinner  in another direction.

Absolute truth

It’s the only cookie I dream about.

There is no such thing as “air frying.” 
So stop talking about it like it’s a thing.

Because...no

Can you share the recipe?

On it

I spotted it first, dammit!


I am with you.

Just wrapped the new season of Good Eats: The Return.

Thank you to my crew for not killing me and for amazingly expressing their talents all while wearing masks and face shields and washing their hands 375 times a day.

Cooking up something wicked...delicious.

Don't miss #GoodEatsTheReturn's Halloween special, The House That Dripped Chocolate, coming to @FoodNetwork next Thursday, October 8 at 9 PM EST.

Last night was...our anniversary.
Check out the highlights below, or catch the full show here : https://youtube.com/watch?v=JZUd_A9OpsE&feature=youtu.be 
Sprinkles suck

Landing

Two Benadryl and several bourbons...but no not really.

Belize

The hero we need.

Done

Point taken.

I’m not watching anymore.

Embarrassing on both sides.

Dear #Godzilla...NOW!


But is it?
Or is it about man’s constant battle with God?

Gentlemen, you can’t fight in here.

This is the war room!


I hear @MerriamWebster is updating their definition of “shit show.”

Hey guys...what’s on TV?

Does that mean “Cutthroat Kitchen?”

The #barbuto cookbook is finally here!
 
I have no idea where to start.

Tonight at 8pm eastern #QuarantineQuitchen will be live with @IngramElizabeth and me drinking an appropriate amount in preparation for whatever may happen later...you know...at 9.


Done

Well done!


Professional only!


No. It’s a canapé.

No. It certainly isn’t.

Don’t use carrots.


One of my proudest moments. 

Therefore: tacos are @tacos and are deserving of their own culinary category.
Burritos are enclosed wraps.
Henceforth my definition of “sandwich” is: any food designed to be conveyed to the mouth by fingers whereby the food and fingers are separated by leavened bread which directly juxtaposes at least two sides of the filling and is consumed along with the filling.


Furthermore, “open-face” sandwiches are big, fat fakers...not sandwiches at all!

Oh, and once and for all: a hotdog sure as s__t is a sandwich.
We're still not sure whether we drank rum or bourbon...but here's a taste of what else you missed on last night's #QuarantineQuitchen.
 Catch the full show here: https://t.co/WOxGzItXvj
Cheesecake is in fact a custard pie.
Don’t bother replying in the negative.
Just adjust your world view and move on with life.
Let me put this to rest: cheesecake is pie.
At 7:55 tonight @IngramElizabeth and I will remove our clothing.
At 8:00 we will begin a live episode of #QuarantineQuitchen on my #youtube channel.
(At 7:58 we will hastily re-dress...or will we?) 

That’s right...I have my own rhino!
 I know I’ll probably never meet Apollo but I sure do like being able to help him, even from half a world away.
#WorldRhinoDay2020

Dear @SenatorLoeffler, Attila the Hun was referred to as “Flagellum Dei.”  I know you don’t know what that means  but you might want to have someone google it.

