
Waiting for Trump rally outside Orlando, very few supporters wearing masks, including many senior citizens. 

Just saw a Trump ad that features Fauci endorsing his handling of virus. 
Trump has sidelined Fauci in favor of people like Scott Atlas who has spread misinformation about COVID. 
Is Fauci aware he’s being used in a Trump ad?

Trump fundraising off of WH doctor clearing him to campaign again

WH doctor says Trump “no longer considered a transmission risk to others...” 

From balcony at WH, Trump told crowd the virus is “disappearing.” 
But that’s not true. 
Yesterday, Johns Hopkins reported 990 deaths and 57,420 new cases, a high level of spread that continues to worry health experts. 
Trump and top aides are still recovering from COVID-19

Next week’s presidential debate is now officially scrapped, the debate commission says.
Trump is expected to address the attendees from the balcony overlooking the South Lawn, the official added.

Trump expected to host event at WH tomorrow, a WH official confirms.
Fascinating

WH doctor says Trump on track to go back to “public engagements” on Saturday... ie campaign trail.

At gaggle, WH Comms Dir. Alyssa Farah declined to specify when Trump last tested negative, telling reporters: 
“I can’t reveal that at this time. The doctors would like to keep it private."

Trump is ranting about Hillary Clinton’s emails... less than four weeks before 2020 Election.
Trump on his current condition: 
“I’m almost not taking anything.”
Trump on Harris: 
“She wants to open up the borders to allow killers, murderers and rapists into our country.”
Trump says he doesn’t like idea of virtual debate because “they cut you off whenever they want.”
Trump says no to virtual debate.
Cutting the mics would be nice... but the debate moderators really need a lie swatter.

Pence repeats WH talking points on “very fine people on both sides.” 
Trump equivocated on white supremacy in his multiple statements on the violence in Charlottesville. 
It’s why both members of both parties were shocked back then. 
Trump has continued this pattern ever since.

Harris hitting Trump for “stand back and stand by” comment on Proud Boys at last debate: 
“this is part of a pattern.”
Pence didn’t answer question on preexisting conditions
“Mr Vice President, I’m speaking,” 
Harris has said often tonight.
Pence did not answer question on Roe v Wade.
Both Trump and Pence disregarding the rules of the debates.

Pence echoing big energy talking points on the subject of climate change: 
“the climate is changing. 
We’ll follow the science.” 
That’s not answering the question.

Pence calls Obamacare a “disaster” though polls show it’s become popular, including the law’s protections for preexisting conditions.
Harris on Trump’s assault on Obamacare: 
“they’re coming for you.”

Trump also says during the video that he "got back a day ago from Walter Reed medical center.” 
Yet, COS Meadows says Trump recorded the video today.

In his WH produced video, Trump praises the experimental medication he's been on, saying of COVID: 
"I think this was a blessing from God that I caught it."  
Trump has access to medical care not available to most Americans.

Marine is stationed outside West Wing. 
Trump is in the Oval. 
He’s being briefed on stimulus talks and hurricane.

Update from WH doctor on Trump: 
“the president this morning says ‘I feel great!’” 

Our colleague @abdallahcnn got this video of the #whitehouseraccoons last night.

Must watch... my colleague @joejohnscnn versus White House raccoons. 
Thanks for keeping us safe Joe!

Statement from Stephen Miller: 
“Over the last 5 days I have been working remotely and self-isolating, testing negative every day through yesterday.  
Today, I tested positive for COVID-19 and am in quarantine."

Biden in Gettysburg: 
"Wearing a mask is not a political statement. It’s a scientific recommendation."

Pence team objects to plexiglass being installed for both VP and Sen. Harris at upcoming debate, we've confirmed.  
Pence officials don't have a problem if Harris would like plexiglass to protect her at debate.  
But Pence team believes it's not necessary for VP to have that too.

RIP Eddie Van Halen. Loved Van Halen growing up... sad news.

Unclear when he would do it. 
But a Trump address is under serious consideration, a senior campaign official confirmed. 
There are lingering health concerns given Trump’s apparent trouble breathing last night, the official and a separate source close to WH said.

Coronavirus in Chief, Trump takes off mask as he returns to WH.

Trump is likely instructing Conley what to disclose and not disclose, per our sources.

Dr. Conley repeatedly would not answer when Trump's last negative test was.

Declining to answer some questions from reporters at medical briefing, Dr. Conley sounding very optimistic once again on Trump's condition, saying "he's back."

Trump says he's leaving the hospital...

WH spox Judd Deere: 
“Dr. Sean Conley, Physician to the President, is expected to provide an update on the President’s condition in the 3 p.m. hour at Walter Reed."

Upper and Lower Press areas of West Wing for press and communications staffers are almost entirely empty as those employees are working remotely from home as a precaution. 
These areas are typically very busy with members of press and WH staffers interacting daily.

She was not wearing a mask during a gaggle with reporters yesterday.

The WH press secretary says she has tested positive for COVID.


Trump in that video message right before this ride: 
“I learned a lot about COVID...”

When asked why he offered such a rosy assessment of Trump’s status yesterday, Doctor Conley admitted he wanted to convey the “upbeat attitude” of Trump’s medical team.

One source described Trump as being “rip pissed” with Meadows handling of the response. 
Meadows is now widely seen inside WH as having been the official who anonymously contradicted WH physician Dr. Sean Conley.

Trump is furious with White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows after the top West Wing official contradicted WH physician Dr, Sean Conley’s assessment of the president on Saturday, two sources with knowledge of the situation told CNN.
Source close to the WH confirmed Trump has received supplemental oxygen Friday. 
Trump “definitely has had oxygen,” the source said. 
Last night CNN reported Trump had been having trouble breathing.

WH doc: “I incorrectly used the term “seventy two hours” instead of “day three” and “fourth eight hours” instead of “day two” with regards to his diagnosis and the administrations of the polyclonal antibody therapy.”

Asked about this comment, a senior WH official said: “some of the vital signs early Friday were concerning and indicated a potential for a more serious progression of the disease.”

The print pool received the quote as well. 
It’s astounding that this quote was put on background. 
WH needs to clear this up ASAP.

The WH TV pool just received this quote from “a source familiar with the President's health...” - “The President's vitals over last 24 hours were very concerning and the next 48 hours will be critical in terms of his care. 
We are still not on a clear path to a full recovery."

Doctor Conley would not definitively say whether Trump received supplemental oxygen during this covid illness. 
Though he did say he is not currently on oxygen.

Senator Scott’s spokesman says he did not test positive.

Senator Ron Johnson has tested positive for COVID, his office says.

Get well @shearm !!

WH official says Trump is “fatigued” but not deteriorating. 
The official went on to say public should not be alarmed and that Trump is taking the situation “very seriously.” WH is making plans to keep the public updated on his condition.

Trump adviser said there is reason for concern about Trump's health tonight. 
 "This is serious," the source said. 
 The source went on to describe Trump as very tired, very fatigued, and having some trouble breathing. 
WH officials continue to say Trump will be fine.

WH officials have serious concerns about Trump's condition tonight and his symptoms are worse than those of the First Lady at this point, according to our sources.

Trump takes Marine One to Walter Reed for treatment for COVID-19.

Trump did not stop for questions

That’s correct.

No transfer of power to Pence, WH says. 
“Absolutely not” according to WH spokesman  @JuddPDeere45

Waiting for Trump departure to Walter Reed. (5:39pm)

More from WH on his trip to Walter Reed: "Trump remains in good spirts, has mild symptoms, and has been working throughout the day. "
Trump "out of abundance of caution" will be working out of offices at Walter Reed hospital for next few days, a WH spokesperson said.
Happening now:  WH pool says Trump to visit Walter Reed Military Medical Center today.
Trump "received a single 8 gram dose of Regeneron’s polyclonal antibody cocktail," WH doctor says.

New info from WH doctor on Trump’s condition and treatment

Pelosi is negative for COVID, her office says.

Trump campaign: “All previously announced campaign events involving the President’s participation are in the process of being moved to virtual events or are being temporarily postponed."

More Meadows: "what you have is a virus that is contagious, that certainly continues to be, regardless of whatever protocol we have, that it has the ability to affect everybody, as you know, the President, we keep a pretty wide circle."

First Lady is now also confirming she's experiencing symptoms.

Meadows on why no mask: "So I've obviously been tested, we're hopefully more than six feet away. 
And if there's ny, concern there, from a guidance standpoint, we have protocols in place.”

Meadows talks to reporters. 
No mask.

Scott Atlas outside west wing moments ago. 
No mask. 
From our pool feed.

FLOTUS spox Stephanie Grisham: “Barron tested negative and all precautions are being taken to ensure he’s kept safe and healthy.”
WH is doing contact tracing on people who have been in touch with Trump and Hicks over last few days, a WH official said. 
The official said aides are looking at ways for Trump to be out in front of cameras today.

He was not wearing a mask.

Senior WH official Johnny McEntee just passed me outside West Wing. 
He said he was on his way to getting a covid test.
VP has tested negative for covid, his office says. 

Trump after his close aide Hope Hicks tested positive for COVID: “I just went for a test and we’ll see what happens.”
Trump has finally condemned white supremacists... on Hannity.
CNN has also confirmed top WH official Hope Hicks has tested positive for COVID-19. Some WH staffers who’ve been in close proximity were notified today.

Amy Coney Barrett and abortion rights: Supreme Court nominee signed a 'right to life' letter in ad that also called to end Roe v. Wade - CNNPolitics

#WhereIsTheRiver

Biden tells @RussWKYC Trump’s attacks on Hunter Biden were “viciously classless...”

Trump “was likely the largest driver of the COVID-19 misinformation 'infodemic,’ ” study says.

One night after failing to condemn white supremacy at the debate, Trump is falsely alleging that Biden will flood Minnesota with refugees. 
Same playbook. 
Different night.
At rally in Minnesota Trump says Biden is canceling the next two debates despite the fact that the Biden campaign says he’ll be there.
Trump adviser on Trump’s proud boys comments last night: “Fuck the proud boys. 
There I said it.
Not that hard.”
Trump’s failure to condemn white supremacy at last night’s debate was not a slip of the tongue. 
It’s part of a pattern... perhaps best illustrated by his response to Charlottesville.

The Proud Boys are celebrating after last night’s debate...

Trump didn’t condemn white suprematists when given the chance, simply saying the Proud Boys should “stand back and stand by.”
As Trump goes after Hunter Biden, Joe Biden responds: “it’s hard to get any word in with this clown.”
Biden to Trump: “You’re the worst president America has ever had.”
Biden: “maybe you can inject some bleach in your arm.” Trump: “that was said sarcastically.”
Biden to Trump at first debate: “will you shut up man?”

A Trump campaign adviser said the president must make up some ground at tonight's debate with Biden. 
The adviser pointed to some recent polls showing Trump running behind Biden in key battleground states, including PA. 
"He needs the debate to break his way," Trump adviser said.

A tweet for everything... even debate night. 

I asked the question that resulted in Trump making that infamous “Russia if you’re listening” comment. 
The reporters at the news conference didn’t laugh. 
And Trump didn’t appear to be joking.

Coming up...

Last week we reported Dr. Birx was concerned Atlas is feeding Trump bad information. 
Earlier today, NBC reported CDC Dir. Redfield has similar concerns. 
Moments ago, Fauci suggested there is an "outlier" on the task force.
More on @CNN at top of hour.

Doctor Fauci just told our @brianstelter he's worried Trump is being given incorrect information about the pandemic pandemic.

Fauci, Birx and Redfield were not present for COVID event in Rose Garden this afternoon.

Atlas was.
We'll discuss at top of hour on @CNNSitRoom -- 
I'm in for Wolf.


Trump denies he’s only paid hundreds of dollars in taxes as reported in NYT, going on to repeat his excuse for why he doesn’t release his tax returns to public:  “they’re under audit.” 


At campaign event in Atlanta, Trump supporters chanted "12 more years" as he mocked press coverage of his refusal to commit to a peaceful transfer of power.


Leaving for NC, Trump claimed he couldn't really hear booing at SCOTUS today: "I think that was just a political chant. We could hardly hear it from where we were..Somebody said there was some chanting. But they were right next to the media. But we could hardly hear too much." 


Trump on why mail-in ballots are ok in Florida last month: "So Florida's got a great Republican governor and it had a great Republican governor."  


Good to see @BrianKarem was able to keep his White House press pass and ask such an important question.


Fact check: that’s my friend @PeterAlexander 


Trump tells reporters he wants a replacement for RBG quickly as he believes 2020 election will end up going to SCOTUS: “Yes, I think it’s very important. I think this will end up in the Supreme Court and I think it’s very important that we have nine justices." 


On our story that Birx is so distressed she is unsure if she can stay on task force, WH spokesman Judd Deere: "President Trump relies on the advice and counsel of all of his top health officials every day and any suggestion that their role is being diminished is just false." 


According to people familiar with her thinking, Birx views Dr. Scott Atlas, a recent addition to the task force, as an unhealthy influence on President Donald Trump's thinking when it comes to the virus. 


“Don’t think of it as the warmest month of August in California in the last century,” he wrote. “Think of it as one of the coolest months of August in California in the next century.” 


Troye is disputing what Kellogg said at briefing. The General refused to take questions from reporters after he trashed Troye from the podium. 


Top contender for SCOTUS pick, Amy Coney Barrett was at WH today, we've confirmed. Trump is hinting at speedy timeline for SCOTUS pick, telling reporters at departure on South Lawn:  “I’d rather see it all take place before the election.” 


Manchin: “For the sake of the integrity of our courts and legal system, I do not believe the U.S. Senate should vote on a U.S. Supreme Court nominee before the November 3rd election." 


Biden really driving for some middle class voters in this speech: "About time a state school president sits in the Oval Office." Biden on Trump as US reaches 200,000 deaths from COVID-19: "Trump panicked. The virus is too big for him… he just wasn't up to it. He froze."