Simon and Garfunkel at the University of Maine pit. 
They sang a current hit Simon wrote for Cyrkle: “Red Rubber Ball.”
Trump is fiddling while America burns.
Republicans: Not to belabor the point, but you knew he was a scorpion when you picked him up.
Republicans: When are you going to stop supporting Trump and start supporting America?
You’re pos.
Spoiler alert—she won!
Stop enabling the King Baby.
Republicans, do Your duty as Americans. 
Tell Trump to stop playing fiddlyfuck and concede so we can get on with the nation’s business. 
People are dying.
Moms, Dads, and especially you youth coaches: 
Show your kids a picture of Donald Trump and explain that he is a poor sport and a sore loser. 
Suggest strongly they not be like this person.
Trump, Barr, and Pompeo: 
If there was ever a trio of elderly white men who've got the Lipitor market cornered, it's these three plump stooges.
He was in your closet!
In fact, HE'S IN YOUR CLOSET RIGHT NOW!
Dipshit.
C'mon, Don. Concede. 
It's not the fucking Alamo.


Dear Megyn Kelly: 
We “snowflakes” and “libtards” were demonized as well. 
Sometimes by men and women toting high iron. 
It’s time for both sides to cut the shit.
You lost, you miserable self-entitled infantile fucker. 
Concede and get the hell out.
Fox News pushing the specious voter fraud story. 
I remember them sticking up for the plucky poll workers when Trump squeaked out a win in '16.
Goodbye to Kayleigh McEnany--aka Axis Sally--as well.
In a contest pitting science vs. superstition, science won. That it was even close in our so-called age of enlightenment is worrying.
America to Trump: 
YOU’RE FIRED.
Sometimes...the good guys win.
CUSACK, dammit!
As John Cisack might say: 
The end of the deathkult is nearing.
One of the best days of my life.
Thanks!
CNN just called it.
Joe Biden is President Elect.
‘This wretched, wretched presidency is coming to an end.


I'm off Twitter until after the election.
#VoteBlueToEndTheNightmare
OHIO, by Stephen Markley:
Found it on a back shelf in my local bookstore. 
Liked the cover. 
Jesus, it blew me away.
Tough stuff, but I couldn’t put it down. 
You could almost call it THE GRAPES OF WRATH of the opioid crisis. 
Too heavy, but close.
Trump is mentally lazy and incompetent. 
He's not up to the job.
Damn, I'll be happy when this election is over.
(If it ever is.)
Stanford study: 18 Trump rallies have led to 30,000 infections and 700 deaths.
Find Carl Quintanilla on Twitter to see the table.
The tactics of fear.
it’s all they got.
60
Sweet Savage Susie! 
Sean Connery in his first starring role, as a washed-up boxer. 
He was a fine actor and by most accounts a good guy. 
I loved that animated CREEPSHOW. 
Kiefer Sutherland and Joey King rocked the house. 
It’s a new genre, call it “carrion cartoons.”
Heh-heh-heh.
This is how they do.
You can get 4 weeks of the WaPo for I think a buck.
Looks like the piece is behind a paywall.
Rats!
I wrote an op-ed for the Washington Post. 
Here it is. 
Thanks for reading.
Look at this! 
MR. MERCEDES one of the top performers on Peacock. 
I love it.

What a babe!
Wow! Who knew? Have you read his “rat” story?

A little gift for Maine's (hopefully outgoing) Senator Collins. 
Check it out.
The dog ate Tucker's homework.
Tommy Tuberville wouldn’t even debate Doug Jones. 
Hey, Alabama, do you know a chickenshit  when you see one? 
Or—ha-ha—when you DON’T see one?
I'm guessing it will EXCEED your expectations.
Yeah, I saw it and loved it.
If you mail your ballot, you can no longer be absolutely sure it will be processed and counted. 
Hand-deliver it to your polling place.
I've watched a lot of TV during this cursed year--I know I'm not alone--and the best of the best is THE QUEEN'S GAMBIT, on Netflix. 
Utterly thrilling. 
I thought nothing would beat THE TRIAL OF THE CHICAGO SEVEN, but this does.

Ladies and gentlemen, real rock is BACK.
This is why I'm voting for Sara Gideon.
Trump is mad at COVID because it’s fucking up his election campaign, not because 225,000 Americans are dead from it.
What a dink.
If Trump was a Maine guy in my little town, we’d say, “What a dink.”


You should read Scott Frank's novel, SHAKER. 
It's dynamite.
Gannett DeHavilland. 
A tie:
Sorcerer, directed by William Freidkin
The Wild Bunch, directed by Sam Peckinpah
My, we're cheerful tonight, aren't we?
Also vintage John Cusack.
Jerry Jeff Walker has left the building.
Damn.
RIP.
NO CONFIRMATION BEFORE INAUGURATION. TRUMP AND HIS CRONIES ARE PACKING THE COURT.
By refusing to insist that the people at his rallies wear masks, Trump is spreading the disease. 
It's criminal behavior.
I'm loving UTOPIA, on Amazon Prime. 
Might not be everyone's cup of tea, given the times we're living in, but it has the slow build to full steam that I associate with page-turning novels. 
Horrifying, violent, and occasionally laugh-out-loud funny.
Thanks! Glad it still works. 
America, it's time to rise up and kick some ass.
#VoteBlue
In other words, a vote for Trump. 
Where’s the fly?
Trump is really parnoid.
Yeah, absolutely. 
The weight wears the tires.
Let's be perfectly clear, as JFK used to say: 
I love my Tesla and I can say that because I've owned it for 7 years. 
2 problems--the 12v auxiliary battery keeps crapping out (supply-chain prob, maybe) and it wears out tires too fast (design flaw).
Yeah, how about a model where the tires don’t wear out after 7500 miles? 
Great car, but that’s just wrong.
Damn right. The torch-waving folks don’t get to win. 
Tucker Carlson.
Hey hey, ho ho,
Butt kissing Lindsey has got to go.
Chirpy-chirpy-cheep-cheep.
Now it's back in MY head.
Thanks a lot.
Thomas Cullinan. 
THE BEGUILED is the best-known. You'll have to troll the second-hand shops and sites.
The Republicans in many states are actively engaged in voter suppression. 
My suggestion is register Republican, then vote blue.
I wanted to be Florida for DUMA KEY, but as the Stones so memorably said, you can’t always get what you want. 
THE ACCURSED, by Joyce Carol Oates: 
Wonderful gothic novel which includes searing portraits of Jack London and Upton Sinclair.
Did you read CARRION COMFORT? 
That's Dan's best book.
PPS South Carolina: 
I won $50 on a scratch ticket there. 
Think it was Alcolu. 
I never won jack shit in Georgia.
PS&lt; South Carolina: I-95 sucks until you get to Georgia. Sorry.
Dear South Carolina: Love your state, love the Little Pee Dee, and I've got a rooting interest in Jamie Harrison. 
Lindsey Graham's a grumpy old poop, ain't he? 
Why not give him a gold watch and send him into retirement.
I suspect that readers have a tendency to hate the ending of any book they loved. 
They just want it to go on...and on...and on...
Thanks, Donald. 
Buy. 
That car looks evil. 


CNN at 9 PM. 
See what people who worked with Trump as President have to say about him. 
Get your Trump-supporting friends to watch. 
(Spoiler alert: The man is crazy.)
Biden=Science, rationality, facts
Trump=Superstition, rumors, conspiracy theories
shouldn’t be a hard choice.
That's fucking hilarious. 
Like a WWII movie.
Donald Trump is no  patriot. 
When he said he "didn't want to panic people" about COVID-19, he forgot the most salient fact about Americans:
THESE COLORS DON'T RUN.
This is Nazi Party shit. 
It’s in TROUBLED BLOOD, by Robert Galbraith (aka J.K. Rowling). 
Looking it up was a mistake. My bad. 
Now I’ll go back to “Mommy Shark.”
Damn straight.
Oh my God, I’m stuck with the mother of all ear worms:
”Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep,” by Middle of the Road. 
Apparently a big hit in England 50 years ago. 
Not posting. 
You’d want to kill me, I think.
Her story isn’t even close to done.
218,000 Americans dead of COVID-19.
‘This didn’t have to happen.
#TrumpVirus
5 words Savannah Guthrie must be prepared to say:
”MR. PRESIDENT, THAT’S NOT TRUE.”
It's always a thrill to see your characters come to life.
He does have a dog. A poodle named Rudy.
Saskatchewan, Saskatchewan! 
Show me an itch and I'll scratch-a-wan.
Classic poetry from Roger Miller.


She's "upset" and "concerned." 
It's what she does. 
Me and an evil sidekick. 
Thanks, Funko!
They need a new sheriff. The old ones keep dying. 
Yup. No doubt.
Flashbacks: The narrative version of meat extender.
3 more things to know about TO THE LAKE:
1. Think spaghetti western, only with snow and plague-infested killer Russians.
2. The cinematography is cool. 
Some stuff is filmed upside-down. 
Why? Dunno.
3. The kid is still a pain in the ass.
Too drunk to see the ramp.
TO THE LAKE, a pretty darn good Russian series on Netflix. 
Four things to know:
1. There's a plague.
2. There's lots of snow and cold (Russia, stupid).
3. Everybody drinks vodka.
4. Weak-ass spoiler alert: 
the little kid is a pain in the ass.
I went to the movies last night. 
First time since February. 
No problem social distancing. 
Saturday night, 7 screens, 4 total customers including me and my nephew. 
I feel terrible for the film industry.
Hey hey, ho ho,

Susan Collins has to go.

She has willingly voted for Trump-nominated judges as incompetent as Trump is himself.

I like and respect Bill Green--hell, he's a fellow Maineiac--but his ads accusing Sara Gideon (although not by name) of scurrilous advertising are unfair. 
Collins supporters have lied about Gideon and tarred her with every brush they can get their hands on.
No.
THE LORD OF THE FLIES, starring Mike Pence! 
Coming soon to a streaming platform near you.
Hey waiter! 
I’ll have the soup. 
Mike Pence will have some shit for his fly.
The fly knows.
Play it. Sing it. Share it.


Dear Texas: This is what you get for re-electing Ted Cruz: a Supreme Court-stuffer with a merkin on his face (thanks to John Oliver for the merkin).

GOOD NEIGHBORS, by Sarah Langan 
Looks like my cup of blood.
Goes to the top of my want-to-read list.

Trump risked the lives of the Secret Service personnel who were in the drive-by SUV with him.

Lives risked for a publicity stunt.

They will need to quarantine for 14 days, doctors say.

My friend and collaborator Rich Chizmar sent me this 
Made me think of the foolish people who STILL refuse to wear masks and social distance: deadly children.,

I’m so sorry to hear it.

Trump's first order of business when he gets out of the hospital--or while he's still in it, via Twitter--is to issue an apology to the American people in general and his supporters in particular for his reckless example.

Need some get-it-together music this afternoon.

Starting with Van “the man” Morrison: Tupelo Honey.

You’re a dipshit for not taking precautions, but I wish you well.

The Trump mafia: I'd like to knock their stupid, maskless, superspreading heads together.

You bought it, you paid for it, have a nice fucking day.

Have to admit it sounds like one of mine.

Except where are the tentacles?
There should be tentacles.
Good golly, Trump and his fearless band of goonies spread that shit everywhere, didn't they?
Secret Service agent: “Trump has never cared about us.”
My mother used to tell me when I was a kid: 
“Stephen, if you keep looking for trouble, you’ll find it.”
850 Americans died of COVID-19 yesterday.
None got the special “antibody cocktail.”

FOX AND FRIENDS: Always interesting to check and see what they are NOT talking about.

Today the non-topic is Trump's flaunting of CDC guidelines re masks.

Wear your mask when with others.

That would be like watching the twins in THE SHINING,only scarier.

MR. MERCEDES on Peacock this month.

Let’s roll.

Dear Texas: Your governor, Greg Abbott, is trying to suppress your vote.

Is that Julia Roberts in the Capital One ad?
I'd love to see the closet in Mildred Ratched's motel room.

That woman's got a TON of fancy clothes.

Can you imagine the dry cleaning bill?
Trump is an asshole.
Yes, but there is nothing so satisfying of saying—as one might to Donald Trump—
“You are a complete numpty.”
Don: Knock-knock!
Joe: Who's there?
Don: Interrupting racist!
Joe: Interrupting racist w--
Don: PROUD BOYS STAND BY!

Debate Commission and future moderators: 
Remember that when Donald Trump is on that stage, he comes not as president but as just another candidate.

When it's not his turn to speak, SHUT HIM UP.

The debate commission (whoever they are) needs to discuss ways of stopping Trump in the next 2 debates from the constant interruptions and hectoring.

No matter who you think "won," as an educational tool for voters, last night was useless.

In the next debate, the moderator(s) have to have the power to cut the mics.

Trump’s crazy.”WE CUGHT EM! We caught em all!”

You’ve got a decent man vs. a hulking, loudmouth bully with no specific plans on anything.

Cut his mike when he interrupts.

It’s on.

I'm 4 episodes into RATCHED, and two people have gone into that handy mental institution crematorium.
So...batting .500.

Nothing like a shout-out from the one n only Kim Coates.
Enjoying RATCHED 
The music is positively Hitchcockian.
Curious to see how Trump will fare without his cheering section.
Hey hey, ho ho,
#LeningradLindsey has to go.

Molly is better. 😀

BAD DAD REHAB!
 
To be followed by BAD MOMS IN THE SUN!
 

Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe all the medieval "curative treatments" depicted in RATCHED were actually practiced at one time in mental institutions.

POOL BOY NIGHTMARE sounds like it might be about Jerry Falwell Jr.

The titles aRe sometimes better than the movies, but you never know.

I enjoy Lifetime Movie Network films while doing morning exercises.

How can you go wrong with DERANGED GRANNY?

Trump supporters, explain to your children why you are supporting an adulterer, draft dodger, liar, and tax cheat.

Bonus point if you avoid telling them the lie that it’s “fake news.”
Ellacott. 
My goof, can't blame this one on autocorrect.

TROUBLED BLOOD is as good or better than the other Cormoran Strike/Robin Ellicott novels.
J. K. Rowling is a wonderful storyteller and a gifted stylist.

I'm loving this one.


Trump supporters don't believe the info about Trump's tax cheating is important, even if true.
Assure them that it is true and it matters a great deal.
He's a HUGE national security risk.


RATCHED, Episode 1: Every mental institution (at least in films) should have its own crematorium, don't you gree?
Also, every nurse should wear bright red lipstick and three-quarter heels.
So comfy for those long shifts!
 

The Thing of Evil fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.
(Tower illustration by tattooist Robert Ryan) 

Molly is improving.
She really was quite ill.
Got a couple of shots and took a bunch of probiotics.
I don't exactly know what those are, but I guess they're good.


I have to get my Al Green on today.
Some Jackie Wilson. Otis Redding. Rufus Thomas. And "The Dark End of the Street." James Carr, I think.
Oh, and George McCrae--"Rock Your Baby." 

Molly, aka the Thing of Evil, as a youngster (picture stored in 2016, actually taken in 2014).
Look at that face--evil from the beginning.


It's funny what Mom-isms stick with you.
Mine used to say, "Eat your crusts, Stephen--they polish your teeth." Then there was, "Don't wear rubber boots in the house, they'll draw the blood to your feet and give you a headache."

Trump supporters don't wear masks because it's their way of saying "I'm with stupid."


Let's celebrate this guy's birthday.
Me: Want to hear a limerick I made up?
Twitter: No.
Me: Okay, here is is:
There was a young man from Heath,
So proud of his new Christmas wreath,
He hung it up in July
And when I asked him why,
He said, "None of your fucking business."
Good, huh?

Lindsey Graham is your basic lyin‘ hypocritical peckerwood.
According to AP, the American death toll from COVID-19 is equal to the number killed on 9/11...FOR 67 STRAIGHT DAYS.
He’s also delivered 8100 dead of COVID-19 to Pennsylvania.
His watch, his responsibility.


Everyone has their own relentless earworm.
Mine is "Disco Duck," by Rick Dees.
Hey hey, ho ho,
Donald Trump has got to go.
Remind Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity, and all the other well-fed white men and women at Faux News: 200,000.
200,000 dead from COVID-19.
At least 145,000 of those deaths could have been prevented if President Trump had taken decisive action.
He did not, and because he did not, he does not deserve a second term.


He’s also delivered 4600 COVID-19 dead to grieving Ohio families. 

I'm very excited that Peacock is doing the first 3 seasons of MR. MERCEDES.
I love this one, and am glad I can share it with a wider audience!
 

I'm sure Trump sent me a card, but with the mail service so fucked up I didn't get it yet.
Maybe he slipped a $10 in there, y'think?
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes, Twitter.