No, i am looking like a person with 
 a family member who has it. 
 I would like to see her 
The tough thing to figure: 
Nasdaq futures up big, but many Nasdaq stocks will be falling.
Strategy, let oil go up until tomorrow and sell. 
Buy FAANG winners...
Apple, Alphabet... Facebook, ---Amazon/Netflix tougher
SBUX had been facing tough 2021 first quarter compares .. no longer .. 
Here's an interesting idea: Santander
Don't forget theme parks-- CMCSA (i work for them)
Could be some extraordinary declines in the FAANG stocks. 
Remember Google is travel ads. 
Apple is China, Biden
@BarSanMiguelBK , mothballed by covid, will be open by Cinco de Mayo if not earlier!!!
The balance of big caps that do better under the covid tyranny versus the futures make the futures suspect even as the covid destroyed stocks come back to life.
Let the oils go up for a couple of says and then sell them....
Buy BA (http://actionalertsplus.com) we have been buying it and it's been very lonely
They are crushing the stay-at-homes. 
But boosting the travel/China stocks...
Below i posted a piece of a writer for The New York Times who belittled and trashed me for my belief in science and the drug companies coming up with something, I am sure an apologizes will be coming for him comparing me to an Animal House figure. 
Chill says no problem

Be careful of cloud stocks. 
They work without vaccine.. 
Or the Pelotons of the world.
So many professional investors  on the wrong side of the trade.. 
So many non-professionals on the right side of the trade.
Twenty-four hours ago we were hopeless at the face of the illness. 
Now we are in a position to beat this...
Those who doubted science, those who castigated us for believing, you must recognize their your positions were ill-advised. 
I will not attack you as you attacked me because I come in chill and peace
Hilarious: three weeks ago in these cyber pages there were literally hundreds of Democrats attacking me and calling for my firing. 
Hashtag Cramer firing trended for days because i was being discredited as being owned by Trump. 
You  need to focus
going on right now...
Pfizer, thank you -90% effective...
You are for covid or you rare against it. 
Being against it does not mean you are pro lockdown. 
I have said here i will embarrass and block the pro-covid people. 
They annoy me
I do not favor a lockdown. 
I lost three businesses to it. 
I have a family member who is sick with it. 
I have a friend of 32 years who almost died from it. 
I am against covid, Those who support doing nothing are for covid & i don't know how they live with themselves. 
But they do.
Nah, just the covid backers. 
I find them annoying
That story without a lot of debt works.. 
I kind of like it here and i sure didn't before that appearance 
oddly, my wife is against covid, too. 
The pro-covidists, while amusing and certainly in the majority it seems, have not met with Lisa’s ire. 
look out, you may wish you were against covid and not for it
My desire to try to have fewer people to get sick seems pretty noble. 
Would it help if i were pro-sick cause it's not that bad a sickness? 
Cheer for sickness because, well, why no? 
It's just a flu that kills more people than the flu and can injure brain/heart?
Chillman says, Mr. Glitch, or is it just The Glitch, i respect your right as per Madison and Jefferson, to be an imbecile but can you do it somewhere else?
Room for both.. not a hard either/or 
Chillman has new rules: 
if you are going to disagree with me about the need to try to get the virus under control using what tools we have or you think it is no worse than the flu, you will now be blocked. 
Those days are now over
We run a team. 
If one of us has it and we catch it through testing then we quarantine. 
If you think that doesn't change the number of cases would we do better if we let it run rampant with no testing. 
Chillman says NOW THAT'S AN IDEA, Humphrey!
Robert do you think the people who always want to disagree with me on masks or on EV or FAANG are so angry because they are unhappy people or are they simply unaware that i can embarrass them, block them or ignore them. 
How many divisions do they have?
Chillman wants to know why you, like many here, think it has to be one or the other. 
Talk to Linde. 
Watch the PRC and what they are doing
Waste Management can be a real pioneer here.. 
Methane is their byproduct.
Here's what people here keep forgetting: 
The illness is powerful, contagious and often extremely debilitating for those who live.
We have weak defenses but when combined we can be like China. 
We cannot surrender to it.
It's a weapon in a relatively hopeless cause for western democracies. 
but it has helped immensely. 
Look at the NFL. 
Also it has worked well in South Korea 
he’s not thrilled about my fantasy team 
No, not true. 
Scale will knock the price down. 
I like EV but green hydrogen is a very realistic alternative. 
Please focus
Chillman says when the Chinese beat us in everything and take our jobs away i will think about your rugged independence
Carolina D soft. 
Can't believe Rasul committed that foul! 
But just a FG so better than expected
It's a national emergency not a state emergency... 
Week 9 Fantasy Football Kickoff Show 
five minutes to https://t.co/EYSwOmN6uT show
bingo
Chillman warns, post election, that if you ignore the science of how to stop Covid or cite bogus examples of covid wear they use masks, you will be made fun of for not focusing. 
I believe in science not anecdotes; empirical not canards. 
no more Mr. Niceguy.
Those who keep insisting masks don't work and point to Europe, i say they do in CONJUNCTION with contact tracing, social distancing and testing. 
One without the others does not work, Singapore an Taiwan both with no covid do all four.
OK let me make this clear: masks, testing, contact tracing and social distancing are necessary if we are to catch up to the Chinese. 
All four. 
Not masks alone, Chillman says. 
Stop with the straw man. 
Also enforcement in Europe sucks. 
You should know your stuff. Focus
for those who chided me for not wearing a mask read the bottom line: we all had to be pcr tested and had just gotten results before the event and were asked about them. 
All came with masks on until validated !
reliving the dream!
Will increasingly be focused on hydrogen and ev with new president coming. 
Not friends, not politics, but as always, the viewers' portfolios
Be prepared for a politics free week of how to make money in the interregnum. 
Also https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog, club talk Wednesday. 
Send in your questions.
thank you! 
In the whacky--and great-- world we live in we were at a birthday party for Sarah, the wife of Lisa's ex-husband Bill. 
We are all best friends and it couldn't be more joyous! 
Proof that miracles happen all of the time!
Eleven spots left for CramersCashContest on https://t.co/hhck3VznCh. 
How to set  your line-up coming up in an hour and 15 minutes....
We just want a plan and a national mandate so we are not trying to win this war state by state. 
Masks will be key and the best one will be from http://xprize.org/mask
Three road favorites are seeing heavy action on @DKSportsBook with the Ravens, Seahawks, and Steelers all getting more than 89% of the handle. 
Plus the Bucs and Saints gear up for an epic battle on Sunday Night Football. 
#AD
fun never ends !pple 12! 
where are those who think this phone is just another phone !
new world new rules. 
Happy Birthday Sarah ! 
CNBC special tonight to talk about this. 
I will be on at around 7 p.m. 
Call in because i am out on Long Island or would come in. 
Family night...
No family during the week because of the need to stay separate: virus
Of course, but remember, the bank doesn't question whether you made your money on a short squeeze when they take your deposit!
I stand corrected-- 160 m shares on this one.. 
thank you @Androgeorge !!
You will love this next piece... 
RATIONAL? 
Thanks for being a club member. 
We have had some good ones of late. 
You are most gracious..  
Congratz to Tommy for a HUGE Breeders Cup win today!!! 
To the greatest guy we know!!!!
These stocks are crazy.. 
Divorced from fundies but exciting as all get out.
These are "footballed" stocks. 
They trade up on news and then down on "earnings."  
Don't sweat it 
Aurora Cannabis 116 million shares outstanding, but 457,854,055 shares traded today. Insane!!
What a day for presidents! 
old and dear friend @JeffSonnenfeld checks in with Jefferson! 
Waiting for Harding... 
Jeff's so right about the lower r commonweal.  
We are both from Philly..
Check your bulletins.. or trial it. 
and read the weekend wrap up: https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog . 
i don't want to tell it here because i want to preserve the value of the club membership.
Apple goes positive....
what the heck, my love for Smarties has no bounds 
Come play against me on @DraftKings in Week 9.
The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter. 
Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC 
#AD
Thank you!!!
Stimulus needed for small and medium sized businesses so the workers can stay at home and still be paid.
Sunshine you are hilarious. 
Have you been outside?  You are obtuse. 
Have you seen the cases? 
Jimmy Chill says Fringding, or is it Mr. Fringding, go have a ringding on me. 
I have Hostess Twinkie tonight, think of you.
where was apple upgraded 
Michael, i am so glad you helped me fill out my ballot and know what i did and i always thank you for accompanying me to the Washington school where i vote. 
You are a champ and a prince, chief.
Fed judges are human. 
They do not want to upend an election particularly when the popular vote is so for one candidate and the states have processes that were not thought to be illegal by their legislatures.
Did Austin's audio feed just broker up
Nixon's the one --Nifty 50 --multiples stretched v. 6% bonds - every stock Lee has i own for https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog
History Day--Lee likes Hamilton!! 
Next stop Lincoln
While my charitable trust owns $CVS, understand that it has historically been blasted by sellers after the conference call 
Holy Cow Madison!! 
haven't heard him much on the network. 
Madison = Gamer!
Castigated and embarrassed by both sides--right where i want to be. 
My agenda is helping the viewers make money and nothing more. 
But i have added an ESG element on as many interviews as i can to encourage/embarrass those who don't do good.
If you guys started at 3 you could get Dara before he went to sleep instead of this ridiculous hour... 
Jimmy at the summit dinner is the best...i would live there if i were allowed because the cheeseburger fries diet coke is killer, too. 
The Summit Dinner has made me so happy over the years.
Yo chief, you are out of your mind. 
You must be from south philly. 
even though my family is from 10th and Reed i know Taylor ham is the ONLY way.
I wish some people were wrong on how they have done when they come on. 
We could put them on at, say 4:17 a.m.  @SquawkCNBC
I will buy you guys Taylor Egg and Ham on a Kaiser roll with your choice of cheese. 
Who wouldn't come in for that! 
Jimmy Chill says i would change my alarm if you guys start at 3 so i could watch Dr. Gottlieb at 3:45 a.m.
A lot of what they talk about on Squawk Box would be so terrific at 4 a.m. I can work out to you guys. 
Not that it is all about me. 
Although a lot is. 
@JoeSquawk
@andrewrsorkinI think 3:00 a.m would be good because it could be everything we need from great people.
I want to buys Luntz a cheese steak at @GenosSteaks on me: in the inner sanctum!!!
You can't think of them as now, think of them as future: no one ever thought MSFT would give you a big dividend...
This theory is a new one.. kicking it around.
I am up i am just unexcited about CVS until it takes more of a leadership role in talking about the tests that can be done against Covid and has more of a plan for the front of the store and how it can cut its debt ,That's all.
Fox just showed my entire Fantasy Team and it turns out it is a list of 9ers who are out!
these are extraordinary. 
i would have preannounced these numbers! 
Zillow bull market in housing continues... 
Square crushes it. 
What a night!!!!!
These T-Mobile numbers are insane...  
What a company
Roku with 40% rev growth to come?? 
Oh man!! Smokeshow!
Jeff Green's been on a bunch of times. 
He is a great teacher and he has a fabulous business.. 
The only alternative to google for its niche. 
We have liked Trade Desk since it came public. 
Thanks so much!
Square blows the number away...
some insane moves! 
TMUS, so strong.. 
Trade Desk incredible!
we are going to work !
Talking stocks with thestreet now--what a rally!

LIN--green hydrogen -huge focus
demand is too strong for most of the companies in the phone food chain and do you really think that Apple should be lower?
they feed the Chill Man
in seconds!!!
We have Canopy on tonight! 
YES! AMD has been a good one for us 
Chillman wises to remind Mark John that he lived in his car where he no doubt developed those elitist opinions, especially curled up the back seat with Jack Daniels, a 22 caliber and a toothbrush. 
That's when i became really  regal.
thank you so much!
The Democrats two weeks ago said they had enough of me supporting Trump. 
Where are the research analysts who told you to sell growth and buy value,
Remember there is growth, there is value and there is no value. 
Unless we start exporting even more natural gas, the complex goes down under Trump.
and this is based on what information? 
Curiosity--if so many despise me and my coverage then why are you so addicted to it. 
I will gladly send all of you Narcan. 
You need it.

Why? 
Two weeks ago the Dems said the GOP handlers got to the Chillman. 
So i have to like that both sides think i am "owned" by the other!! 
Bravo, Chill!! 
Owned by NO ONE and don't play for dinner
Chief, the facts, sadly, or happily, are the facts 
Junta off the table!!!
We bought huge LAST WEEK as you know if you are a club member--  
agreed
@Wendy's--was it my wife and the Baconator? 
What a quarter!!!!
I did that in 2016. 
Right off the red eye. 
I got some sleep to be ready for 9... and, more important, do the homework on the companies that make up the markets...
I am looking for stories that  will be true no matter what happens, this is one of them,  Buy AMD 
Studying the tea leaves... remember buy health care if it is down because its multiple has been shrinking for months in part BECAUSE of the election
reminds us that "tech" isn't like we think it is.. broader..better.. but is too caught up in social media rhetoric
Remember, i picked stocks that i expect will drop because of political pressure but then will BOUNCE BACK. 
you can't just pick stocks that are flying and hurt people
a few weeks ago it seemed that every Democrat wanted my head. 
So i think i must be doing well if i am berated by everyone... 
Jimmy Chill loves the masochistic side of things.
you bet!!!! 
coming back soon!!!  
put us on!!!
Here we go!
I think we lean toward the viewers. 
I could not disagree with you more.  
We are trying to help you be financially strong..
Coming to me momentarily!!
Why we are doing https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN. 
Young people make better masks for the community.. 
cnbc
I don't make any money from my charitable trust, you see, because it is a charitable trust.
Talk about a great actor. 
Did you ever see him do those one-armed push-ups on Carson? 
real deal
We did that four years ago. 
Caused a lot of people to leave the stock market. 
Not repeating that. 
Do people call you Mr. The Weggie or Just Wedgie? 
Anyway, i have to send you a carton of Q-tips b/c of how many times i have emphasized that. 
My dad lost his job to the Chinese so maybe Mr. 
Wedgie, you should focus. 
He ultimately ended up working for them. 
Address for Q-tips?
Chill man points out that no one in or outside the white house has been tougher than i am on China but i also loved when the kid yells Shane! Shane!  
At Alan Ladd so i answered your inanity.
Well you know i like this.. 
We want a portfolio approach where you buy and do homework.. 

I think Stash should get in touch with me here to find out more about it 

The NFC East is like a contagion. 
The Bucs have caught it
I can't believe i have to stay up for the end of this game ... 
But #FF is the greatest. 
I just can't kick it
Big things happening tonight with @DraftKings! 
DK is running back the Big Play PayDay promo, so if there’s a 20+ yard TD in the 4th quarter tonight – you’ll be entered into a Sunday $100K contest. 
Opt-in FOR FREE with this link and #MakeItReign 
#Ad
Why Stash over RobinHood ? 
chill says you are uninformed. Spain broke down after declaring it beaten. 
You can't go to a bar and expect to be safe.
and this is how you top the charts 
Marley tried that and didn't like it thank heavens!
Dogs make me happy. 
Especially rescue dogs!
Chill says tell me more 
It's a great phrase and really does demonstrate where we are with this illness
Decent spec but i sure can't recommend it
Please read our review of the quarter in https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog today 
Marley likes being clean
i rolled in poop and am a very bad boy 
Humana's Charts Are Not as Healthy as We Would Like: @BruceKamich  
JNJ trial a very important vaccine-i could not get in because i had a steroid shot (stupid partial tear of rotator) but this is one you want to be in
upside down trading 
I applaud so many colleges for what they have done.. really remarkable
I am hearing great things about Duke getting it right.... 
coming to me now
Ahh, that explains the huge spike in Stockholm, thanks so much. 
Jimmy Chill will spare you of a tweet that says i am part of the problem because of our mask contest at http://xprize.org/mask. 
I have never been attacked for a charitable donation to a great cause. 
Hilarious actually
Lockdown stocks?  
President Trump says the Dems want to lockdown the country. 
Do you prepare for that or not?? Tonight.
You cannot look at charts and graphs and decide that masks, social distancing, testing, tracing don't work if the charts are going higher. It depend on enforcement. 
We don't have any except from retailers
Believe me, because of personal reasons, i will tell you that they do not practice what they preach in many of these countries. 
Bars & restaurants packed, no social distancing to speak of and lack of enforcement. 
Do you have relatives friends in those countries?
We can't win outside our division, Doc . 
I am a HUGE Colt fan because of Coach Frank who is the best in the NFL
W
There is no W until there is a W
Check that
Actually it is nice to have to watch a game where i have no fear with four minutes left 
Can we at least wait until the game is over?
You must blitz a rookie. Endlessly. Endlessly
Maybe Pop's screaming got it done
I  can hear Pop yelling and it isn't nice
real deal
expecting big things.
The endless insistence that masks don't work because of whatever is why our nation is in such tragic shape. 
Masks, social distancing, testing, tracing. 
You got something better? 
At least i am trying to do something about it. 
What are you doing?
we wanted to develop a mask that would keep the economy open no matter what. 
It is vital. 
Those who are against masks will cause a shutdown and are somehow proud of their role.
having a mandate and following a mandate are two very different things. 
The reason we came up with the contest , http://xprize.org.mask is because the mandate is ignored by so many. 
it is sad at this late date that this still has to be explained. 
same goes for Spain
Week 8 Fantasy Football and DFS LIVE Q&amp;A
today is Lisa’s birthday so i am playing cramerscashcontest  in https://t.co/EYSwOmN6uT for http://badassbrooklynanimalrescue.com in her honor !
Cramer's Cash Contest, $5 to enter and play against me:  https://t.co/ed86AC446z

Week 8 DFS/Player Prop Tips for @DraftKings

LIVE Fantasy Football Q&A at 11:30 am (est) with @BillEnright @BullMktFantasy: https://facebook.com/JimCr
testing testing testing 7 days a week will do that https://t.co/I6yVcC9RrX
i loved that moon !! 
The @DraftKings Halloween Candy Bowl is happening LIVE, only on DK’s YouTube and Twitch channels. 
Top 6 eaters in the world
6 pounds of 6 types of Halloween candy 
6 minutes to eat as much as they can
It’s going to be epic. 
WATCH LIVE 7:30 pm  EST: #ad 
thank you for this. 
We will have lots of good companies and surprise personalities as judges for our mask competition! 
Go Birds!
Trick or Treat!! 
different kind of unicorn
where are the treaters ? 
of course in the era of covid each goodie bag comes with hand sanitizer
Happy Halloween 🎃
the end of a great harvest on a blue moon 
Are NFL bettors in for a Trick or Treat in Week 8? 

The Chiefs are favored by nearly THREE TDs against the Jets and 63% of the bets on @DKSportsBook are coming in on KC.

Plus the O/U totals for the Vikings/Packers, Raiders/Browns, and Patriots/Bills have all taken a dive.  
#AD
Honored to work on this incredible project with @Benioff 

These young innovators will change the world with their mask designs and I can’t wait for you to get your hands on them! 😷
The staff is calling me 4th Q Cramer!! My new name!!
Query: if Apple's stock goes down more is it getting cheaper or more expensive?
just from the neck up 
most welcome! 
Taking mask off to do show... naked!
I want to apologize to my critics for recommending something i call FAANG that i came up with a half dozen years ago. 
I am a real chowderhead for creating it and recommending it.  
King of the Chill says accept my apology please!!!
An error of Titanic proportions?  
Or just ill-advised and early. 
Okay, all of those people who have lost money in Apple beginning at $5 when i started recommending it and at $12 when I went nuts with it, tell me how much you lost. 
I want to satisfy  these "WINNERS" who don't like it now.
They haven't shipped the 12 variations and you have written them off! 
Please short Apple, the Chillman says. 
He's begging you to put it out. 
Come on Big Boy, play the game! 
get it done!.
Jimmy Chill says you are right. 
Everyone should give back all of the money they have made in Apple because of me. 
Unfairly earned you cretins!!!
Jimmy Chill was joking around. 
it's been my view since about $5 a share!!!
I am very proud of the work our colleagues at Xprize and our judges and companies have already put in to develop a more ideal mask to meet your objections.
I love how everyone has now determined that Apple's best days are over and it is time to bail. What the heck? 
I have a new mantra for Apple: Own it don't trade it.
Getting closer to the reveal of our top 10 teams! 

Can’t wait for you to see and wear these masks that are unlike any others! 
Weird but where would Google be if the market weren't getting killed?
Apple, Amazon, Google and Facebook's Earnings Calls: What Stood Out in Each - @EricJhonsa 
From Alphabet 
If you haven't picked at anything yet-not a bad time as almost everything is on sale. 
Or wait until you see my game plan tonight @MadMoneyOnCNBC
i like this call 
actually that was Off the Charts which was the work of Katie Stockton not me..  
I was more circumspect. 
Forget the article, watch the show. 
that's the segment where i bring on people who challenge my views. 
Chill said wait.
tape is settling down.. not bad
Come play against me in Week 8 and win cash on @DraftKings.

The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter. 

Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC 
#AD
The Chill Man is there for you ! 
Oh No! They are trying to keep people healthy even if it hurts the quarter! 
What fools these Amazon people be https://t.co/IbCx9qJo6b
https://t.co/7VCNyzf5H4 on what i think about these companies
Alphabet--break it up--take it to $2000 will you
Etsy Could Decline Further as the Charts Remain Weak: @BruceKamich  
Listen, i am telling people in the club that it is not worth being aggressive. 
well here we go? 
thoughts on the SPAC closing?
i have always liked you from when i tried to hire you!!
I am not disagreeing. 
But my experience is that when the S&P oscillator is minus 5, as it is, you need to stop selling 
You sell Facebook in the hole then i bet you didn't listen to the conference call...
how about some stonks?
worrisome: wear a mask.
I know it is hard to buy today. 
You have to buy in front of election day,. 
But we are very oversold and it could be a good chance to start a position 
Regulated speech or jobs: which will it be: coming up on https://t.co/7VCNyzf5H4
Futures coming back. 
Before you sell you might want to listen to what Tim Cook said yesterday. 
i will tell you at 9 a.m.
doubters stop being dumb as cardboard
I was just watching the Bridgewater hit.. got delayed
No apple is not that bad.  
You have to believe 5G doesn't matter for that to be the case...
bingo!
great call/cause
i think he was pretty open and honest about the whole tiktok situation and i admire him for coming on,. 
Maybe this will be like Lawson when he lost Uber over at Twilio? 
Not sure yet.
very disappointing to hear. 
If others have had a similarly terrible experience with CVS let me know here.
that deal turns MRVL into a power house and accelerates its revenue,. 
It is now the ultimate 5g/cloud play,. 
Good enough for me.  
http://actionalertsplus.com owns it
This kind of headline nonsense is truly ridiculous. 
As i said at the top of @MadMoneyOnCNBC these were all terrific. 
I will never blast a company for paying to try to keep its employees safe, especially Amazon which had, historically, a less than optimal reputation ...
I think $FB was excellent. 
The emphasis on small medium sized businesses and Instagram shops is sincere and lucrative...
As they go, i really liked the Google call. 
Expenses under control, advertisers back, Youtube terrific, Google Cloud to be broken out. 
$133 billion in cash. 
Best of the night? 
Many more to get through
Our mask innovators are moving to the next step and making their designs a reality!
Get to know the teams because hopefully you’ll be wearing their mask designs very soon! 😷 
@SheilKapadia what do you think are the possibilities that Reagor gets a lot of playing time/targets/looks this weekend?
Shares of Quidel Could Eventually Rally, Wait to Buy Strength: @BruceKamich https://t.co/z54dUkWZCZ
the analyst who slammed UPS this morning doesn't know Carol Tome, the ceo, is. 
She guaranteed no shortfall with a company that always has a shortfall for the holidays...
Marvell deal accelerates the growth rate. 
AMD almost done getting his. 
Both stocks owned by the trust; https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog club tells it
Must must try the tomato pie--no cheese- with banana peppers. 
You will not regret it. Wings now MUCH better. $DPZ
Easy, right here, it's all UPS
thanks so much!
I had KFC a month ago, as good as ever. 
Haven't been to taco since Brian left it --don't go to Pizza Hut--that's Yum--thoughts?
Southern's Fanning saying we are learning to live with Covid. 
Unfortunately that's something only for the province of youth..
SARS culture. Big country. Disciplined... 
We can never have that kind of obedience. 
Just not the nature of our "rugged individualism" culture...
Pinterest is much less Facebook and much more a sense of targeted ads for discrete verticals.
I have Etsy tonight and they will talk about declining rate of sales of masks... 
Disappointing portion of the call..
in retrospect Dunkin seems so easy. 
But a week ago the trade was to short dunkin go long Starbucks ahead of the quarters as $SBUX has China.
Germany calling for an end to social life to save lives from Covid
truly frightening 
You think they did it pounding the bars at night and attending games and rallies and screaming their darned fool heads off while walking around maskless and staying near each other while not giving up info--anonymously-- about where they have been?  
Was that Taiwan's secret?
I have upgraded my game... mezcal
Buy the stock of UPS tomorrow. 
Sellers don't know Carol Tome. 
I know Carol Tome.
Thanks to so many for the kind words about my close.. 
We are a first rate nation and we need to deal with covid like you would a war. 
It is a nasty cunning enemy and we should be using everything we have to defeat it. 
Some of us know all to well not to minimize this!
kid's got horse sense 
for years i pretended that i had unusual sleeping patterns but, i 
owned up as the years went on. 
I liked the Ford call very much. no mumbo jumbo. CEO loves cars. nice change of pace. wants to make money, too. 
Another change of pace.
AMD Is Now More Competitive in High-End Gaming -- 
But Nvidia Still Has Strengths: @EricJhonsa  
It works. the president took it to recover..  but it is not easily made 
actually they would be the first to tell you they don't. 
if only regeneron could make enough of its drug to matter..
they failed us in washington in so many ways..
And i mean THEY
Honestly, I think Splendid and Vile was boring until Hopkins went to London.. 
I like you, you got horse sense
thank you so much! Speak of the bacon devil, tonight @ReginaGilgan is treating me to a cobb salad for dinner! 
The bottom fishers in the oil patch keep getting spared.. 
Look at that Apache. UGLY!
you have to get in ahead of that because you don't need a weather man to know which way the wind blows 
I know, The House of Tudor got smoked says the Chillman 
i think it is his worst, @hmeisler 
two of my best. 
what side of the trade are you on, Jimmy Chill asks? 
You have a problem in close listening
We stand together, my friend!!!
Can't love London enough!
it will take a little time for it to settle down because of the deal but i would bet with Su any day, 
should i trash them even though they are my friends outside the office and it isn't phony?? 
I needed some Churchill from @WilfredFrost.. he's gotten too American.. 
@SaraEisen wearing off on him.. 
Next thing you know Wilf will be talking about the Bengals and i am not talking about The Lives of the Bengal Lancers! Hoo-hah!
Down 964--come on bears, couldn't you take it down 1000? 
NAZZ just crushed... opportunity ? or disaster... 
@36westbrook had the best game awareness of anyone i have ever seen in an Eagles uniform. 
But he crushed me in fantasy that day
"they" have been trying to get market down 1000 for the last hour ...failure
I know that it creates no value but on days like today you see the hazards of high dollar amount stocks and the refusal to split shares. 
You get large dislocations you would not otherwise get
MSFT-- wait to buy it... @ScottWapnerCNBC thanks for the shout out!!
has covid beaten us? 
I think if we all do our part we can beat it back but it is getting late  in the game.
nailed it 
watch Masco for the bull market in renovation..
No turn in tech until MSFT bottoms..
Happy Halloween
We the people... can do whatever the hell we want to do
I reiterate nothing in these earnings causing downturn...
Don't blame the earnings..
Will the stock market keep going down until we have a national plan? 
It's done well without one. 
BUT the failure of a national plan is so caught up in politics that i bet 50% of my followers might say we have success as a state-wide plan.
Re: MSFT's guidance. 
If you really think they couldn't predict numbers north of the consensus you didn't read the statement or the Q&A just the few words about outlook.
Watch UPS which is on @MadMoneyOnCNBC tonight. 
If we are going to hold "no outlook" to some sort of disaster scenario we are going to be fools.
This decline is being imported from Europe where things have really gotten out of control again with the pandemic. 
Do not believe, for example, that the futures led decline in Microsoft means Microsoft's guidance was weak It wasn't


Twilio Is Overvalued, says @Sarge986 
Money printers: Lab Corp, Opko, Quest... 
Hope all is well
should Oracle be down 5% on SAP? that seems wrong..
Chill says this is hilarious given that i have PLUG tonight... 
Do not forget, you MUST watch Plug Power tonight if you care about clean energy... 
 name Take Two really flying..
please go to the interview!
Remember, Okta, always a good tell of the market's "eventual" direction
amen
SAP being crushed.. Not share loss as much as when you upload to the cloud at SAP you can't make as much money--and Concur. 
A company that's in the cloud doesn't spend as much on SAP as one that isn't one.
are you kidding me? it's masks v. lockdown. 
Can't you see that? 
Lockdown would be devastating. 
93 seconds on mask..4 minutes on stocks...
interest rates going right back down so banks can't stay up. 
I still think that group is questionable.

Chill man is a psycho self-promoter and doesn't mention that CVS dog. 
Pathetic and Seattle Gen, now Seagen, does not make up for Zeke-like perf. 
Time for self-immolation. 
so glad that people willing to spew lighter fluid I my alter ego 
does question the president's choice of JNJ as the winner
HA!
I have been recommending AMD, how about that one? DK?  Or Davante Adams.  
Chill is ashamed 
jimmy chill says horrible picks,, missing Twilio and Shopify... got off them too early ,, 
My chief recommendations--endless-have been six companies: Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft ,and Nvida..  
I think that is Lockett like
focus Dunkin not SAP
🚗🚗🚗

Follow along on another @xprize #NextGenMask designer’s journey! 

Maybe auto parts are the secret ingredient we’ve been missing??

One of the top 25 teams for the #NextGenMask challenge!

Can’t wait to see more of these innovative designs! 

Could @CyfiveMask hold the key to the future of comfortable masks...? 
The top 10 teams will be revealed on 11/09

All true, but all known and hard to "re-build in" given it was built in last week ...
Really struggling with the SAP story.. 
They have declining revs back to where they were a couple of years ago. 
still some downside..
SAP has been losing share for ages and has a big travel and leisure component .. 
But people will extrapolate and take down winners, who have taken share from them.
@jeremyfaust references an incredibly important piece about universities and how the federal government has failed them when it comes to covid
Thanks for joining our @BullMktFantasy show.. if you missed any ,key components of the show will be broadcast here...

could be key game to give some points. ! 
Wow are you gracious. 
I was just telling Lisa that i hope some of the things i have done on the mask competition will help because i underestimated the time and effort i would have to spend to do the competition. 
We all want to shut this darned thing down! 
Let's get it done!
Getting fired up for our @BullMktFantasy GTD show!
Pretty amazing voting.. 
Don’t forget to vote! 
I said the same thing to my wife. 
I am not kidding. 
I said is it disconcerting that i care so much about winning this 1000 person contest where i wager $5!!!!!!!
both just excellent companies. amazing.. 
fascinating technology to beat back covid 19
I thought Ynon did well, too, and that Mattel is a very interesting spec going into the holidays. 
Soon it might not even be a spec! 
Hit the no cheese button!! 
thank you! It is under contests!. 
For those of you who have never played DFS go to @BullMktFantasy. 
It's hilariously fun...
I love watching moving up or down on the leaderboard.
should have used hair spray
Actually i haven't liked that one for ages. 
I have ruled out playing the oils. 
They are all on IR excep Chevron, which reports this week, and Pioneer. 
One for income, the other for growth
Fewer than 150 player slots left to go against me in Cramerscashcontest at https://t.co/3DXnynwg0M .. 
Remember, my fantasy team is basically on IR so it is all i have!!!
The Eagles take the lead in the NFC East and are now the favorites to win the division at +105 according to @DKSportsbook. 

Will we see a high scoring game with the Seahawks and Cardinals on Sunday Night Football? 
77% of bets are coming in on Seattle. 
#AD
I have lost 10 of my 17 picks in the draft to injury. 
but you know what? 
You will not be able to beat me in cramerscashcontest on Draft Kings because DFS is my new best friend.  
Come and get me!
I like Pioneer and Chevron.. that's it
hard to buy until we know the numbers together but i like both 
about what, i said i liked it...
Stop blaming me for Hyliion
Mattel could be in early innnings.... 
not for them, for intel
interesting that the market is as discerning about the semis and recognizes that Intel's loss is Nvidia and AMD's gain
buyers of xlnx must be thinking that AMD will buy it. 
I have no idea if that is true but without a bid the stock will soon be overvalued
Come play against me in Week 7 and win cash on @DraftKings. 
The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter.
Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC #AD

How do you get your stock going? 
How about have the government attack you: GOOG, FB
I wish https://t.co/eVXdMv04HQ

I have never had such reaction in 15 years of the show than doing the pieces on FIsker and Musk
I think SYY has very smart management
I wish!
when the Eagles dedicated the game to Pop when he died, we crushed the Titans 
I like Ford here 
i will have Mattel in tonight ! 
thank you @Eagles as my master was near tears when DJax got knocked out and we looked like goners
thank you @Eagles for having such heart and such game! 
Goodnight!  Booyah!
Holy cow!!! 
It was a Bull Market Fantasy come true! Our guys do not quit....
this is some season...
we are making Gallman look like Zeke
no breaks
how tough a year has this been? 
We have been embarrassed and hammered and we just need a break!
glad the Gap worked... 
Ford remains my fave in the space. 
mort tonight!
eloquent but i have liked it since $5 and i am sticking with it.. despite your pertinent, eloquent argument
initially AMD went down with Intel which is really stupid because AMD is eating Intel for lunch in every space.. 
So now AMD is going up. 
I like the guys from Intel very much but i also like the Phillies
talking SPACs tonight--a  good one!
Grow Gen back over $20...$GRWG--the cannabis Tractor Supply
In Slootman they trust.. 
It is a fabulous company... 
 
thank you. most grateful
Look, not bragging, if you are into football in any fashion--i am a Fantasy guy, my partner, Bill "the Profit" Enright is wagering, will rock your world. ..  
Many upgrades for Gap could come..
Gap goes higher--great outlook
getting ready for @BullMktFantasy

Apples to Apples is earnings per share... and the price to earnings multiple... 
We've heard that one...
"This too shall pass" the Zoom generation may be shorter-lived says Gary Kelly, ceo of Southwest whom i LOVE!  $LUV
nope, unrequited love..  if he slams @GenosSteaks it's really over...
$TSLA, $DOW, $T, $KO all good
$KMB, $UNP disappointing

T pretty darned good
Jimbo Chill says two important upgrades may take this one higherBe careful Ephraimbo 
Two important upgrades this morning: JMP and Baird. 
Skeptics until this q. expect more of a run that we have had so far.
fabulous interview with  chevron cfo by @SullyCNBC . wow
you, sir, are welcome any time you want to talk!! Enjoyed it and wish you the best of luck ..Exciting! 
May have to delve into this one... 
i enjoyed our talk immensely and i hope you will come back.. and, thank you, @BillRMcDermott for all of your help!
thank you! Just trying to get it right!
if people sell Chipotle tomorrow on this amazing quarter i think they will regret it rather quickly
this CSX quarter was something. 
Really amazing how good they are now.
Using the @DKSportsbook spread helped us identify the right players to use in our DFS lineups and pick in our prop bets for Week 6. 
Here's how the spread helps project Game Script! 
Thanks @ScottWapnerCNBC for the multiple shout outs.. 
you are too kind!!
I cannot believe how incredible the outpouring has been about what people are doing in their homes. 
I mean this was an amazing poll...
less frightening
frightening 
MSCI China index hits all time high. 
Remember back in 2016 when we thought it would collapse?
then i did good 
Coming Soon: A New Technical Strategy for Nike from @BruceKamich  
Watch these videos of inspiring young minds from around the world!!

The next best mask is in these top 25... wouldn’t you agree?
more GREAT news-rei-infection rates incredibly low 
some good news! 
maybe wait until tonight 
Have you done work on your house? tell me what you did ?
people have been tweeting non stop about @henrikfisker 
oh just watch the darned show
herd immunity -hilarious .. like cattle.. to slaughter.. 
no thoughts. none needed
the bars, packed bars, say no one is cowering. 
I am in touch with so many colleges.. 
you need to do massive and balanced homework
It's Tesla. 
Ignore the pesky facts 
How dare you have so much common sense. 
How can you come here and be rational. 
Jimmy Chill says it is important to embarrass and trash me for trying to save lives. 
How can you be so, well, gracious and civil?
no more than i would fear monger about long term effects of serious pneumonia. 
i am not saying radiation for heaven's sakes
A strategy for buying Logitech while understanding risk from @BruceKamich 
Are you ready Skidaddy! 
actually that's not true.. 
why do you say that? 
you must do more work and stay focused.. 
Stay focused! 
Given that it is a club name, yes.. i researched this..  https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog  but that's the weakest division 
Remember Netflix is a Magnificent Seven stock-- @MadMoneyOnCNBC
Penn-- Barstool? How Zoom? 
thank you, at this stage in my life my job is to good even as here "do good" is somehow controversial like giving away a fortune to get a mask that people will wear when social distancing can't help,. 
Mask=all we have UNTIL
@andrewrsorkin held accountable is not as good as "we shouldn't have them but they still give us good lifting fees."
Everyone who gives info that says lower mortality should say that there can still be big ICU use and the ICU is a sign of terrible illness.
people are taking this kind of analysis and twisting it into believing that its just the flu and that masks/social distancing are therefore unnecessary; 
but more people get this in a day than the flu in a year and we don't know long-term damage,.
Tesla is like water
this interview is amazing...  
The deal with Nicola is on.. remarkable..
ten out of 13 aint bad 
anecdotal  but correct 
About ten years ago. Value people can bet on it, the problems are deal 
How about Stark Industries leaving the defense business? 
Fabulous.. they have never mattered more 
We are all wiser for our children's advice. 
My daughters gave me FB, AAPL, GOOGL, NFLX, MSFT, ADBE, PYPL, and AMZN. 
Wall Street gave me a bunch of banks and oils


@Stephanie_Link I totally agree. 
I had Ned on, Steph, when the stock was in the 30s and they had that breakout quarter and people yawned. 
It's a bit of a horse race but after SNAP and Pinterest have galloped it's time for Twitter to run
JPM is way undervalued but SO WHAT? 
I got guys who trashed me begging to come back but Jimmy Chill is a one-strike-and-you-are-out kinda guy. 
I agree with this. 
I have spent a lot of time studying Pinterest and i think it is a fantastic ad vehicle for a whole new generation of viewers that certainly beats many--not all--but many ways to reach people. 
I tis about as one to one as they get
Weirdly SNAP trounces NFLX in importance and TXN doesn't hurt..
SNAP total star of the night.. just a fabulous quarter for revenue growth and profit will follow. 
Well done.. Great metrics, great advertisers. 
The stock deserves to run. 
Well-played... Congratulations
Honored, kind sit. 
We will beat this! 
And to end with some good news...we are getting better at treating the now-not-so-novel virus. 
Who couldn't she sing. Cole Porter at its best....  and not LUV the airline! 
Jimmy Chill points out that we were profitable for seven years. 
so you can say that i, indeed, told me to buy a BAR! 
Not a restaurant. Rethink ..and stay FOCUSED
Corsair another rocket
@BullMktFantasy , @BillEnright who is the new RB for the @Eagles ?
killer name... 
You must be a club member!!! 
We loved that one all the way.. still have some..
with masks!!!
Facebook is scorching!!!
i found an oil deal i like --Pioneer-Parsley.. .
Will Matt Gallagher run it? 
This is a special special deal..
neither was my mom. So what.

Of course i do!!
Amazing to hear an oil exec talk about how his company wants to be cleaner.. and it is true!!! 
 $COP. 
I have long been a big fan of Concho...
Lisa rules the roost and says no to going, Jay 
own Apple don't trade it
i know Coach said there are no moral victories but that @eagles comeback was sensational
Yes i want the twelve!!! 
We are an exporter... in big areas of the country.. but there's not a lot of demand.. 
China's coming back on line.. 
you may have to wait and see
Mike Wirth is the best.. Chevron .. yields 7% i like it but i don't like the group...
i have been saying this 50% ago. 
Don't remember this, says the Chill man. 
Interesting name Guinness the K-9, is that like Bud the Dog? 
Very smart!!
look i totally get this stuff. 
i see that NIO is looking up on the push this a.m. but as soon as i say something good i will be told that i am late. and if it goes down then i when hear thanks for nothing. 
so there's no point anymore here.
The Market's Week That Was, Upcoming Elections, the Economy, Stimulus: @Sarge986 with your Market Recon  
We've gotten some great entrants to our https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN competition. 
If you check the site you can see the progress we have made. 
we have to create a mask we like more than what we wear that can save more lives and end this thing!
covid can’t stop autumn 
Nah, these are a reaction to TSN!!! 
they are terrible 
Here i am but i had to read the @Eagles post-mortems first. Nasty habit
well played!! 
well done
I think that's a correct call. 
I want so much to get it right for our readers, viewers, club members and i have to deal with this political stuff that i despise.  
And it's just so difficult. 
thank you...
thank you so much.. more troubled then... 
retired the suit for thr weekends!
nah, just at peace with nature. 
they don''t call me Jimmy Chill for nothing
a win
Wentz played with heart!!! 
Well that ought to do the trick 
Fantasy will never make up for reality...especially when you lose in fantasy....
getting in touch with my inner self this weekend 
@Eagles did their best with almost no weapons left...
We made a nice comeback no matter what
These are the times that try our fans' souls... 
Two chances in two minutes! 
Troubling... @Eagles
I am a fan through thick and thing. 
And i do not trade my own..  
Go Birds...
so far, it is a House of Pain for @Eagles fans
fired up?? 
I have a million games on to make the pain lessened
NFL Week 6: Fantasy Football, Betting and DFS Preview 
fabulous meal tonight at Meadowlark, New Hope, PA.  Chef Rodger Marsh outdid himself!!!! 
Thank you
Getting Back to Even discusses options 
Get Rich Carefully will be good. 
So will Real Money
amen, https://t.co/4GDPqOk4LV
Come play against me in Week 6 and win cash on @DraftKings. 
The Triple C: Cramer's Cash Contest is $5 to enter. 
Eligibility restrictions apply. 
Use promo code BULL and enter here: http://dkng.co/CCC
This competition will give you hope! 

We are building a better mask thanks to young innovators from all around the world!

Follow along ➡️ http://xprize.org/mask 

There's eight games with an Over/Under of 50 or more points in Week 6. 
But which is the best game stack on @DraftKings? 
@BullMKTFantasy analyst @BillEnright and I highlight the Packers and Bucs.

fascinating discussion about "who got the call" 
What matters to me, Dave Tepper, is not in the"Trump inner circle and he did read the Lancet that weekend
When you have ten to one down to up volume the late Mark Haines would say that you have to buy, That's what we had at today's opening...
i am most grateful for these words 
No, but i have always liked Jay. 
He is a compassionate, good man who is doing a great job. 
Before i take heat i know Dicken's i know that was Christmas... it is more of an allusion

it's hard to summon the energy in the pandemic... 
you just can't live your life the way you want to...
And you just worry so much about your kids all of the time.

the club works for you.. thank you!!!! 
Trialers listen to my comments.. 
i  think you will like them..
Yeah, very strange article this morning about hedge fund managers who got a call but did they ???
Because this job is really hard and it i am going to be good enough at my job for you 
I have no choice... 
It must be done.
I made fun of it yesterday and said you should be really careful with Fastly, a stock i liked until it went up 20% in a day,. 
I have a new one i am worried about later...
thank you! 
that one took forever to go over.. 
i am grateful for your kind words and your membership to the http://actionalertsplus.com  club
thank you.. 
let's be careful. 
difficult few days

If AMD is testing your patience you should sell it because it is one of the world's best performers. 
Our office liked the wings. 
The hot ones suited me fine. 
You have to understand that they may not be A or even B plus wings, there is NO comparison to the old ones.
5 Thoughts on Apple's iPhone 12 and HomePod Mini Event from @EricJhonsa 
Yeah, told 
watch tonight.. 
Remember Fastly traded to the 70s on its last clubbing,.. 
let the knaves flee, the ones who think all that happens is it goes up, and then take a hard look a it. 
Listen to tonight's show...  
fabulous 
better at what? 
i said this morning that the move was insane. 
Will the real Fastly supporters please stand up please stand up
Why did "they" love Fistly so much? What was behind it? 
They are competing with  everyone in a commodity biz...
the stock they call Fistly just blew up!
A home run and a touchdown!! 
$DPZ 🍗🦴 
trying the wings ! 
See you at 11:30 A.M. 
ET for today's exclusive @CramerClub  call! 
Watch it on https://t.co/GZCuwlCC06
I think i have some pretty contrary thinking about the election and stocks in my club call.. .
You should trial it...  
http://actionalertsplus.com at 11:30 today. 
you will enjoy it
GS has the best parts of JPM and none of the bad loans. 
they should have a good one. 
Ryan looks so sharp. wow!

no one's laughing now!! 
tonight,, fun show, should make you laugh and have a great time..
I watched Chase Claypool score 4 TDs against my Eagles. 
It was heart-breaking But someone was smiling with that performance as the Steelers rookie helped one team on @DraftKings win a Million Dollars 
#ad 

no 
this has to be the most pumped (and dumped) stock on my feed 
goes higher 
Bed Bath keeping the roll on. 
I like this one so much... ,
Sold some assets people said were worth nothing!!!  
Mark Tritton is a genius. 
the shorts are in their last gasp!!!
Italia getting a piece of the action in our Next-Gen Mask Challenge... 
which team can reign supreme? 


Follow along ➡️ http://xprize.org/mask
thank you for signing up. 
Big call tomorrow at 11:30
a lot of times it's the ratio. 
that can be overwhelming. 
then there was some b.s. video from 17 years ago where i tried to expose the bad guys and some clowns made it sound like i was exposing me. 
I never traded futures. 
such a joke

@AdamSchefter going on Adam's podcast in a few minutes...
shops at Marshall's for that outfit
Beyond Meat could continue to serve up stock gains after a correction: @BruceKamich
total agreement.. we are all freaked out to go anywhere 
no, i haven't for 11 years. 
but you know the sunshiners out there can't resist. 
It is why i have to create Jimmy Chill
Remember we get sell-offs after most Apple product origination s
40,000 articles later and going strong, https://t.co/7VCNyzf5H4 !! 
I will not be bragging about my big win this week in fantasy because i screwed up on others. 
Some crow and some chianti...  @BullMktFantasy at 11:30 and then excerpted on Twitter by Draft Kings


Tonight's MNF game between NO and LAC should be a shootout. 

@DraftKings Big Play Pay Day Promo is back. 
If there’s a 20+ yard TD in the 4th quarter tonight – 
you’ll be entered into a Sunday $100K contest. 
Opt-in FOR FREE with this link & 
#MakeItReign  
#Ad http://bit.ly/3jTqj8W

Nice work!

i love Italian suits and while some here criticize me i would rather buy nice clothes than waste the money on food and drink...
completely untrue. 
does that bother you at all? 

thanks boss! 
thank you! 
the relentless nature of those who want to call you out for being wrong when you are not is a little overwhelming. 
You have enough of that at home and you love your family!
debating writing my https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog speech for Wednesday morning now. 
EXCEPT every time i have done that it has been a mistake!  
Have to wait to get closer
these are gracious words and i am humbled.. thank you 
i think he is a better or man than an operator.. 
glad to have you aboard!!! 

I think, as i have told subscribers, that GS is ok... 

you are very kind...and accurate!
A corduroy suit from Marshall's


thank you Heather and i am glad that your dad loved the show and am sorry for your loss.. 
thank you so much for joining the club. 
I will be reviewing our positions/recommended list according  to the election! 
Not political--just numbers
good philosophy 
Watch and Wait on Plug Power Before Buying: 

there's just so damn many of them simply because they know i read my feed. 
Easier to get someone to read it for me and tweet it for me but the real people deserve a real person

Happy Thanksgiving Day Canada!!!!
what others besides JAG?

Not easy. 
People would argue here about the name of my mother

it is unfortunate that there are so many combative people who have not worked as hard as i have and don't have wisdom from 1979.

Do you even know who Frank Slootman is? 

future sales--yet your facts straight..., 




see i love this. 
I live alone during the week and do not go out during the pandemic... 

of course the real issue is that, bizarrely, my doubters/foes follow me closely and know i read the tweets even with the volume i have so they want to hurt me or get me fired or whatever. 
All you can do is outlast them.
I absolutely love the garden suggestions. 
Those are pure fun. 
Query: how long do you put the Christmas red peppers in the vodka before it is ready?
It's at its best when you can learn. 
It's at its worst when you try to make the kind of fun i did wearing a suit to garden and people actually think i wear a suit. 
Stunts do not work. 
Alas too many have a bone to pick
things to realize about Twitter: 
it is occasionally okay to joke around .and to be ironic and tongue-in-cheek...
Jimmy Chill was just having some fun. 
@davidfaber was joking about how he never sees me in anything but a suit!  
It was a stunt!!!
@Wendys consolation for @Eagles loss 
I feel best when i wear a suit to whatever i am doing... 
Just feels comfy.. 
Brioni makes them perfect for weeding..
if Jake had hit that field goal...i could be Jimmy Chill instead of Jimmy I’ll 
When you love your team as i do even saucing doesn't make a difference... 
Go Birds
The countdown continues! 
All leading up to the reveal of our top 10 mask designs that I can’t wait for the you to see! 

Some of your replies are proving that you’re not all “suited” for gardening... 
10 seconds
Get ready for Week 5 in the NFL with @BullMKTFantasy. 
Taking your @DraftKings and fantasy football lineup questions throughout the show!

My charity #CramersCastContest competition is now closed
that's the plan! 
My garden is pretty well enforced. 
Deep fence, boxes high, natural pesticides... 
welcome for any ideas how to use these ! 
I am playing for charity...you are playing to beat me. 
Which i bet you won't because CramersCashContest has an unbelievably cool line-up... 
Listen to us at 11:30 for the latest info;
putting my DFS line up for Draft King’s Sunday Morning Show at 11:30. 
I’m playing for charity but you can play for real money !
good morning ! 

Last week the @BullMKTFantasy team alerted Joe Mixon as our top GPP play. 
Result was less than 5% ownership and the highest scorer of the week. 
Find out our players for Week 5 
#Ad

How it started:           
 How it’s going: 
It's a huge worldwide competition but we are trying hard to get things wrapped up so we can have them as quickly as possible. 
thank you. 
Huh. I just had David Ricks on for a second time just a few weeks ago. 
I think Lilly is one of the greatest companies on earth.

Drilling Down on the Charts of Stanley Black &amp; Decker: @BruceKamich 

Yep, i know, we tried to make that clear that we are nowhere near where it has to be yet. 

Sunday @BullMktFantasy we will give you the Lock of the Week from Jimmy From Anywhere.. 11:30 
We will be doing many more as time goes on!! 
Our staff will get in touch to figure out the logistics of when you can come on. 
Delighted!!!
there are so many of them! 

How to Play Wendy's Upside Breakout - @BruceKamich  

Wow! Wow! Wow! 
These mask designs are getting me so excited for November 9 when the top 10 will be revealed! 
Follow along!
⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
😷http://Xprize.org/mask😷

Rally in Marvell Technology Continues: 
Our Technical Strategy - @BruceKamich 
Should You Invest in Regeneron, Lilly, or Gilead? 
DFS players should take a look at Colts running back Jonathan Taylor for their cash game lineups on @DraftKings.
@JimCramer and @BillEnright picked the rookie as their VALUE play for Week 5.  
#Ad 
taking some action club members , be sure to check your email.. 
You are very kind. 
Our contest for a more loved mask is really taking off...  
The seven sectors that do well with or without stimulus 
An analyst is out there proposing that Chevron is going to buy Exxon. 
I think it is fanciful but i wanted to tell you what's making the rounds.
you are welcome any time..
Next week???
Running Back, Dolphins
It's not that easy. 
he wanted to start.. you had to obey  that 
fish out of water..  I like The Boys character 
Chillman can't understand why he doesn't get credit for breaking stories
Domino's Dip Might Be Short-Lived: @BruceKamich  
Pelosi's Hardball Gambit, Playing Small Ball, Promising Vaccine Outlook: @Sarge986 with your Market Recon  
I think it is okay.. a bit of a double down for club members though. 
Call of the day so far: 
Goldman initiates Robin Hoodie name. 
GE, with a buy
Unbelievable! 
So exciting to see young creators come together from around the world to create the next best mask! 
 
and we miss you! 
I am in the East RIver with Gronk
Gronk time!
this is my point- that guy is named TOTE.. 
The other tight end 
Why did i start Gronk?

love that Joe knows about Fantasy...
Beat me 

A mask that benefits you and others?? 
I’m loving these top 25 designs in the @xprize $1m Next Gen Mask competition! 

too fattening 
i cannot believe i am looking forward to a Thursday night game.. 
when was the last time you didn't dread one?
We do a lot of different analysis using technicals and fundies in all my venues
now that's a cool last name. 
Give us a couple of must go to places 
Here's real life: 
on Thursday i would love to have one of our great dishes from Bar San Miguel. 
Instead i am eating a Chipotle bowl.
exactly exactly right. 
I would NEVER exchange my Jersey shore pizza for Dominos. 
However, in Summit i am a very happy Domino's user.
Same, by the way, when i am in Mexico!


I would have thought that GRWG, GrowGen would have been up more off the Pot move...  
Lots of bears roaming..
Hosting my first DFS contest on @DraftKings. 
It's $5 to enter. 
Limited number of openings. 
Click this link now if you want a chance at beating me in Week 5. 
Make your first deposit with Promo Code: BULL. 
Good Luck and may the best team win! 

this sounds like the best of the lot 
Jimmy Chill begs to disagree. 
In fact the tomato pie is among the best  i have ever had

After the Pomp broadcast i bought some Bitcoin for my kids as i said i would! 

We’re giving out a million dollars to the best mask design, and young innovators from around the world answered the call!

Counting down the top 25... 
😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷

Jimmy Chill notes that while i am a writer for thestreet, we sold the company and this isn't mine. Being futher left? 
Chill says are you aware that the left took me apart less than two weeks ago?

When the @Eagles are at the Super Bowl i will be sure to check em out

Should Dominos really be down? 
Watch tonight 

The aggressive Fastly buyers are revealed as being morons even as i still like the stock

It's fluid--if Roche pitches in to Regeneron totally different numbers. 
stay focused 
Come on, who is chasing this Fastly? 
Why? is it a toy?
is anything a sprint and not a marathon??

i am a devoting  a ridiculous amount of time trying to stay ahead of this.. thank you so much! 

i got my usual huge blowback that i put up with so i can help you make money 

Jimmy Chill says that seven people did die in Taiwan since the pandemic and they all wear masks so maybe masks don't work. 
Or maybe you are as obtuse as the warden in Shawshank

use portion control

you are cadre! 



On Regeneron. 
I know many will want to buy the stock today because of the president's comments. 
I want you to be aware that we have repeatedly told people to buy it. 
Nothing revelatory.

😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷
😷😷😷😷😷😷
😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷 

go get em Pops!

i agree with Dr. Wachter. 
The President doesn't look like a man who just battled covid-19 and i know the Regeneron drug is the real deal first 200,000 on the house. 
Doc, it's the aerosol factor that made me mothball my restaurant. 
Until they figure it out and i know how to run my air conditioning, i am too concerned to stay open

I need a Lilly floater

Look, at this point in my life, if i can do nice things like that it makes the show worth it. 
Thank youl... 

While i don't think Regeneron-the company, not the medicine--thought it had a miracle drug it does seem to have worked wonders as the company promised

We were running out of time, it got a little crazy... 

Gimme a six pack of Regeneron to go
Looks like the president did not get the placebo...

the government will take control of the first couple of hundred thousand .. 
i have said since the beginning that Regeneron is going to beat this thing. 
I just never thought the president would get so behind it. 
They told me they would beat this thing on MARCH 17!!!!

Did the president take his Regeneron price target up? or did he did just recommend taking the stock.
They gave me the Regeneron!!! 
i love it. 
you cannot beat this as an ad for an amazing stock, $REGN!  
(that was the president's statement)
A mask you can drink in??? 
I love seeing these designs from around the world! 


i don't name a dog of mine after a loser stock... even if i lost my poor dog.. a rescue mutt with real game 

Slack Rallies After Unveiling Connect DMs, Plans for Instagram Stories-Like Videos: @EricJhonsa 

Raise your hand if you went nuts and paid up 20 for Fastly
Love this man!

@Eagles: 
please tell us if DJAX or Alshon are getting ready to play this weekend? 
Huge for us if true!
anyone back who didn't play last week? 

If you trade off of old Fed minutes you are crazy.
thank you!!! 


I had Paychex on last night, the largest payroll processor for small and medium sized businesses in the country. 
They said that Florida was the srongest state in the union for them,

small business en fuego as per Paychex 

of course they did, but small and medium sized business formation is very strong and that is who is supposed to be helped by stimulus

technicians needed in the HOUSE
Florida--very strong why would those two GOP Senators vote for stimulus
been there tried that

Jimmy Chill says many believe V recovery-and there is one in some states. not in others.
that's why we need targeted help. 
Do not forget that many states are out of money

Rittenhouse Square Pietro's versus the one on South Street (where i think you were) may not be good as the real South Street Pietro's pizza. 
I am bought & paid for but still know Philly Pizza and i get that one when i stay at the Rittenhouse. 
TraderTraitor Jim

no contact tracing at White House,. 
Are these people truly setting any example for us?  
NO TRACING is insane. 
It's the type of thing that would make me want to sell this if it were some sort of stock. 
They don't want to know? 
This is not GOP nor Dem it's health

i have banged this drum endlessly and will do so again, 

wow! thanks so much ! 
they all have and should work!!
Actually i have been inputting for about 40 minutes and nothing i write has come up! 

In the end, it seems like the cases for the cities and states were simply not made well. 
I also think that they didn't understand small business because it's hard and expensive to mothball. 
We will rise up but it costs more the longer we wait. 
Powell knew this

I just woke up and still no stimulus

The Cowboys and Browns game helped one @DraftKings player win a MILLION Dollars in Week 4. 
@BillEnright and  I ran through the roster construction on today's episode of @BullMKTFantasy
#AD

Jimmy Chill says he prefers Joni Mitchell to Josh Mitchell as he spent time talking Hyliion

Last week i was saying the president was not being helpful on stimulus...
I like being disliked by both sides!!!

It is easier to maintain social distance outside.. if you can't you need a mask

Jimmy Chill says most of the times i am regarded at Democrat hitman.. 
You have lost my trust...but you will still watch because i am Svengali

You are cadre and i thank you!


thank you.. trying so hard to walk the line...

Jimmy Chill says really wasn't trying to scare, was just accepting that the lead by the @Eagles could be tenuous.

Are you implying a level of confidence i didn't know about?

@TheDomino did you go to sleep after that?

The @Eagles won the game

Jimmy Chill says he has done that every day and twice on Monday through Friday...

Solace....

Yes, i like Regeneron and it is important to the stock that the President took it, but we can no longer make assumptions about what he took and didn't take.
I wouldn't pay up but i liked it since $5 and stick by it.

a lot of equal opportunity dismissers.. they aren't haters.

they are know-it-alls who don't know...

@TheDomino So, Dom, how was the weekend?
 
I googled that last quarterback you put in but it didn't have him.

I will try Bing

Early morning victory, where bad bad things did not happen in Philadelphia...

Go Birds!!!
They wrote us off.

They said bad things happen in Philadelphia.
And they didn't!!!
Goodnight everyone!
 
see you at 4 a.m.
There is a football game involving the Eagles.

Against the 9ers

still not over not overearly too much time left.
Come on Birds!

it is not over
D must get tough as can be
This was an astonishingly good pick!!! 

How do you like how everyone wrote us off?
They said there were very bad things in Philadelphia.

Very Bad.
Singleton?
Googling... again
Future jump three on Ful TDesDu
I love Travis Fulgham!
  
Before this i thought he was a Premier League Team

Furiously googling @Eagles with TD
no give up by the futures....
Futures look strong.. .market likes what it sees from Trump....
The Washington Team?


I BACK MY TEAM

thanks to you and all club members!
 

We can't lose Slay
We are on our heels??
@Eagles: it's called pride... @davespadaro
@Eagles looks like someone forgot who we are.
what we are made of..

When do we play best??

I like the stocks of both Darden and T-Mobile --good ads, good stocks...
it is pretty amazing isn't it?

I am hated by Dems and GOP1 I am hated by the anti-maskers.

I am hated by football fans who aren't Eagle fans.

But my family likes me and my work family likes me, so I am chill

@TheDomino on Second thought, i will still like you after a beatdown
@TheDomino will you still like me when we upset you?


so proud of two great people of our great network wearing masks!!! 
You are saving lives!!

Sigh.... Our home team, Dave!


very big day for the team..

Take a look at these results..

sunlight (disclosure) is the greatest disinfectant..

I can't have no loyalty because then i frankly believe in nothing and no one.

Better just to own it and tell it...

Larry Kudlow was my partner for four years.

I am a very loyal person.

It's the way I was taught to be.

I always disclose my friendship.

By i will always be loyal to a man who treated me, and more, important, Pop, with tremendous respect, especially for his time in the service.

stick to stocks means stick to President's health and covid &amp; election and stimulus.

So Chill says, with all due respect, those who claim they are losing "respect" for me, you just never want to hear anything critical of the president.

You are "homers" I have no room for homers.

let me explain why i need to comment/learn about President when it comes to the market:
1.  Covid-19 stocks in play
2. stimulus might have more momentum 
3. election always matters, especially for corporate tax
4. If Trump recovers quickly very good for market.

@EricTopol do they think, doc, that it doesn't matter?
Because when that Abbott test was given matters tremendously…

@EricTopol holy cow Doc.. shows you the confusion.

They didn't even tell us when PCR v. Abbott.. 

If we got a straight story we would know...sorry, we have many different stories...

protocols switch...but steroids are what most doctors tell me they prefer

Really annoying that there are commercials all at once when you roll through DTV package
It is the BiNAX that is the issue

@BullMktFantasy , @BillEnright major screw-up on my part-- Tre' traded ahead

Young innovators from around the WORLD eager to design a better mask... continue to follow their stories at http://xprize.org/mask

I have Hunt

Violence: Chubb, Ekeler, Parker already hurt?
Best in show analysis .. @ScottGottliebMD 

Standard treatment.. Shows might be able to go to White House...  if necessary 

Week 4 Fantasy Football Live Lineup Q&amp;A with @JimCramer and @BillEnright from @BullMKTFantasy

Bill Enright, The Profit, does gambling.

I am #FF... 

We are live at 11:30-- who can't play, who can't win--don't be a sucker -see link below https://t.co/8FL05tbKKi

Join @BullMktFantasy LIVE in 1 HOUR!
 
We will be taking and answering your questions.

Watch here: https://t.co/ZpHbCaj6Ex

We are applying the same disciplines we do to portfolio management to football...
 
I did fantasy long before i did stocks and my partner, @BillEnright, is the best there is on gambling...

I am trying to teach stocks, and now #FF which i started doing in 1981.

We are interactive on both stocks  @MadMoneyOnCNBC and @BullMktFantasy on my facebook page.

First time EVER--we are taking questions live on @BullMktFantasy because we know how hard it is to do your line-ups, #FF, #DFS because of all the injuries/byes.
 
I find it to be a nice break from the endless covid-stock issues.
 
You have a line-up question?

The scratches?


Yeah, i liked Fastly from the get go because they power the NYTimes.. only later did i learn they do tiktok,.

But they do much more than that and are loved by their clients.

Everyone who cares about fantasy/reality, we are trying something new this morning on Facebook/JimCramer : last minute adjustments before the opening bell for #FF and #DFS brought to you, of course, by DraftKings.

thank you, we have had some good ones.
What we do best is hammer these home endlessly on the show.

Endlessly.

@MadMoneyOnCNBC And while some may say stop focusing on Covid/gov't and stick to stocks, only $TTD is not  Covid/government related stock.

putting together thoughts about today with the Prophet, @BillEnright , for GTDs on cash games,DFS-we will have a last minute killer line-up for you to play.

Covid-proof hopefully

Get ready for our show tomorrow at 11:30 on DFS and starting line-ups when everyone  is scrambling...
we will have answers...

Jimmy Chill says, that's the plan!
 

this is why we started the https://t.co/gnyh9xfGlN competition.

We have to pull together.

We just have to https://t.co/CljcgLRcaJ

these are the two alternatives..

A explains why he would want Regeneron's drug; 
B is like a lot of people i know.. but typically much younger...

Sunday morning Week 4 for the NFL I am going LIVE at 11:30 am(est).

Tune in for a Fantasy Football lineup Q&amp;A, DFS advice, and all the injury news before kickoff.


Our restaurant that does have outdoor tables is doomed, too.


then maybe your goal is to get it last!
 

i was adamant that we stop anyone from coming here who had been to china.

many came from Milan which became the epicenter, but the administration dismissed that...

i thank you, as always, for your kind words!


if your restaurant is allowed to have tables outside you can survive.

Mine isn't 

Three "doctors" suggest actions ahead of what the President did and told us endlessly

Sunday morning Week 4 for the NFL I am going LIVE at 11:30 am (est).

Tune in for a Fantasy Football lineup Q&amp;A, DFS advice, and all the injury news before kickoff.

I thank you doc.

I just blocked almost everyone who has commented this morning.
more than 50--why do people who hate me watch me so intently.

Maybe i am Svengali!
 Love me or hate me, watch me?

The old Roger Ailes method.

Wow! Seeing these 25 teams will give you hope!

Stay tuned to https://t.co/gnyh9wY4Xd for the latest developments in the Next Gen Mask Challenge

for those who tell me to "stick with stocks" what do you think i am doing?

Chill man says if you think that earnings are what matters and not this political/medical stuff, with all due respect, and i mean it, you are a total and complete moron

would you be willing to share the ones you exiting from after you are done exiting..
Some question my credentials: 
On Feb 3, on @SquawkStreet I predicted 
1) a massive, deadly epidemic was coming here,
2. masks must be worn, 
3. Ban of Chinese to the US. IMMEDIATELY. White House vehemently disagreed with me.v

Here's my non-doctor credentials: 
On February 3rd on @SquawkStreet i predicted a massive and deadly epidemic of Covid-19 in this country..

I suggested we all wear masks and that i was quarantining my family.
And i urged that no Chinese be allowed into the U.S.
Okay?

Sadly, completely discredited bogus science about the masks.
 
They did not consult the aerosol experts who have better data

First, thanks Doc, you have been an amazing follow.

Second, this is bad news for the NFL because it would appear that almost right up to game day for the following week players are still starting to test positive.

Keep up the good work!


On February 3 of 2020 on @SquawkStreet I screamed that we would have a massive epidemic of covid in this country & and we should ban Chinese from coming here.

There are my credentials.

What are yours?

Jimmy Chill has been at the forefront for the need of more stimulus.

Only Republican Senators say otherwise.

You must be confusing me with one of them.
We are laying off people left and right because of this.

It's horrible and sad.

@jeremyfaust are you surprised that there are still some  Titans are getting their first positive read when they have been in quarantine since Monday.

I know, can take 14 days..We are on day seven.

What does it say about the President?
Also are all NFL players asymptomatic?

yes, but will  Kareem Hunt play tomorrow?
 
Big show tomorrow morning !
 

first not true in most areas. second, that's because there is more testing.


Actually just trying to show you what the luddites will do to sacrifice the rest of us with their "bogus" science.
We haven't seen anything like this since the old Soviet Union...

thank you.

Felt this way ever since i decided to skip the Super Bowl and fly back so i could warn people from my desk at @SquawkStreet.

Good to have a clean conscience about this stuff...

don't we all..

I believe the President's use of Regeneron's drug can only help and can't hurt.

Getting the viral load down via IV drip of the drug when you first know you have it is the best thing to do.

My best guy tells it like it is: https://t.co/NGtC2U7euX

if you were in contact with someone who had covid  yes you need to be quarantined and tested.

Believe me i have been there.

Thems the rules.

Bad omen for the White House.

If three more Titans (and staff) just tested positive then tests didn't pick it up for six days if you don't include today.

They are presumably healthy individuals and asymptomatic.

But, wow that's on the outside band

I feel bad that this happened.

Thank you, Diane.

I am writing a piece right now for https://t.co/HWTl9iFqLA where i still do writing for that will have it.

I will not let you down!!

a cogent, precise argument made here by people who truly are mask-icidal maniacs.

 
I fought these people from day one and not only are they anti-science they now abetted what's happening in the White house.
 
How about their solid reasoning, though?
Compelling?

thank you to so many great companies for helping the 15 to 24 year olds design a mask that so many in the White House could have been wearing..

Check out my new weekly column on @DKLive where I highlight the players to use in your CASH Game and GPP Lineups for Week 4 
#Ad

Can someone explain to the people in charge that when you test negative on day one it often means you are positive on day two?

and can they stop laughing at our masks yet?

This is the future!
 
25 teams of young innovators working to build a better mask.

These designs are going to change the world!
 
Follow along at http://xprize.org/mask

it's not just the death count..

Wear a mask!
 
https://t.co/gnyh9wY4Xd is showing you some amazing videos of the entries to our contest
Understand why there is hope in these dark days

The kids will save us!!!

Yo, CeeJay, i didn't PUMP regeneron, i recommended it at $5.

Nothing LOL about it, CJ

No that's not true.

He watched a lot of tv and knows that some people talked non-stop about how great Regeneron is.

So i say, stop relaxing, that's for jokers 

Jimmy Chill, expert on Regeneron when no one else liked it at $5.

How did i know.

I researched the drugs.
 
Maybe i am less stupid than you think..

you got horse sense 

this is the big question.

It could be because he has a very high viral load-not so good-or because he doesn't want to wait and see if he gets better.

I would be doing just what he is doing.

The Regeneron drug as we understand it is a drip and it would be administered in a hospital.

I think that the team at Regeneron would fly down and take care of him personally.

This is both good and bad news for the president

It concerns me that the president is only one of 276 people in the trial and it is very disconcerting that he even has to do be in this study as wise as i would think it is to be in it.

The issue is that if the president is already on this experimental drug it must be worse than we think.

Why not just be on the conventional protocol?

Cynics here may doubt the Chillman's credentials on anointing Regeneron the winner, but the president didn't.

Let's see the viral load be reduced.

Okay, I recommended REGN at $5 and it is now at $580.

So maybe i am a doctor of money.

Seriously George Yancopoulos, chief scientist, has been the single best scientist in this field for decades.

He just told us his conviction that the viral load will be reduced.
What a guy!


Out of growth into value--that was today's business.
nasty https://t.co/mb7Utv1aT9

You have to be impressed with the how Regeneron, after 275 cases, got into the White House and it gives us hope that the viral load can be reversed if you catch it fast enough.

Len from Regeneron was the first guest on Mad Money.

The stock was at $5.

The President is now in the most important trial to stop this scourge in the country.

So here's the deal with Regeneron.

We had their chief scientist on the other day and he said that if i tested positive i would want to be in his trial.

I think their monoclonal antibody will reverse the viral load.

Good news for the president.

Regeneron is the best!


Bloomberg reporting that the President is being treated with the Regeneron cocktail i suggested..

Good.

Rodger sued me for not showing up once for work when i told him my wife wanted me home on Friday night.

He offered me a choice.

Later said i made the wrong choice.

Hysterical guy!
 
They didn't call him sweetheart for nothing!!

I'm still putting the odds of a deal not that high but the president is willing to give money to the states and to help small businesses.

Is a great deal the enemy of the good?

I think we just need a good deal

If you think there is going to be a big pile of stimulus money you want the cyclicals.
Also there was a daylong FANG sell program

they make a lot of calls.

Now here's someone with horse sense

Listen, Jason, you and your Argonauts are mythical figures like your mythical anti-mask rap.

Believe me if you were at Bedminster the other day you wish you followed my tweets.

Hey  SPAC-heads, i have a great one Sports Entertainment Acquisition Corp!!
oh come on, let the chill have some fun..

Paranoid Style of American Tweeting..

Good book.

Bernadette: i think it makes it so ZOOM just got another year but masks will be in vogue...


my favorite urban myth is the one that says i liked Lehman when i did the rare thing and said i would short it if i could.

Rog never picked up on that one.

Yes it does given that Ailes loathed and despised me and ran endless media campaigns against me.

What a pal!
 
A true bud!
 
Sticks and stones may break my bones which is why i carry nuclear weapons.
 
Crowd fave Celsuis on tonight.
Any questions?

Crowd favorite Celsuis on tonight..
all those who think i told people to buy the stock of a firm that went under more than a dozen years ago, i don't want you watching.

You are the spawn of my late good friend Roger Ailes, notes the King of Chill

My alter ego Chill often feels compelled to tell the trolls the truth about their miserable existence but prefers to see them drink cheap scotch on a dirty linoleum floor.

Cheers, knaves!


Younger people: chill wants to explain that 12 years ago this were this firm, Bear Stearns, that i didn't like but didn't want to say you should pull your money out of it because it was insured.

My good friend Rogers turned that into a "buy bear stearns" ad.  Prince of a guy

Chillman wants to point out that there are trolls, inspired by a campaign against me by my late boss Roger Ailes who endlessly heckle me here.
 
Who knew my old good friend carried grudges and made up lies to back them?

hillman periodically wants to point out that he said you would not lose money if you kept your money in an account at bear stearns if it went under.

True.

Further he said short it that Friday.

But the fox-inspired mountebanks relentlessly get it wrong.

They are mountebanks

The Visby device that i will show on air next week has EUA from the FDA, not more than that right now but when you see it you will be amazed.

The Abbott 15 minute test has been distributed to some important locations-nursing homes, long-term care facilities, so it is coming...

look it really doesn't matter what i think, i am simply pointing out that if the feds would unleash their supply of Abbott's tests we could get kids back to school.
The resistance here is stock based-you want to hype your stock not the concept.I don't mind that but be careful.

Again, for the gazllionth time, are there better tests than Abbott's, on the margin yes.

But it is about getting the results in 15 minutes to your cellphone.

You can then be verified with a wand to get in places.
They can make 50 million per month.

No lab needed.

Respectfully, Jimmy Chill's been recommending Abbott since the 60s and i am recommending it now.
Go buy more 

It's about SCALE.

Abbott, by nature of its size and skillset has https://t.co/RzCs9xTeSC other test has that kind of scale so that's why Abbott is in the best shape to save us 
the federal government is taking all the Abbott Labs BinaxNOW tests and has not distributed them yet, which is wrong.
They need to go to schools so working parents can go back to work, especially single mothers who risk losing their jobs.
What are the feds doing?
Let's understand the differences among tests.
There are many good tests out there but what you need is a test ecosystem where you can show, from your cellphone, that you don't have covid  at that moment.
That allows you to go to school, attend meetings go to games, dinners really bugs Jimmy Chill.
The 15 minute Abbott BinaxNOW test has 97.1 sensitivity and 98.5% specificity..
You are part of the problem, not the solution.

Brunswick is building factories to make boats in part because people who have never boated have discovered it because people who have never boated have discovered it because of covid and like it.

Why hasn't this test scaled?
Why doesn't a major pharma buy it?
I like Abbott's because it scales and has an app that allows you to show you don't have the disease that day 
I think your low count has everything to do with your masking discipline...
that's why we created http://xprize.org/mask 
thank you!
 
thank you!
 I have been blocking dozens of people.
They are dying to get unblocked but it is one and done.

The data does not support your theory.
There is no surplus.
There is a deficit.
I own a boat.
it's the most fun thing we dol...
It's a 17 foot Boston Whaler made by Brunswick 
Chief, i own an Italian restaurant..
I am having some fun..

Jimmy Chill liked it from the day it went public... until the vast amount of selling/dumping the insiders did...then i had to leave...


one of the best conferences i have been able to participate in!
 

birds’ nests in the spring !
 

the garden, 2020....normal 

one last thing on Spaq, if you curse, if you attack me in an ad hominem way, if you are vile, or disgusting you will be blocked.

Chill will love you but you won't post and you won't read.
So knock yourself out, go buy stock, and have a nice life 

I hope $SPAQ works out for all of you.
I do not wish you ill.
In fact, as the Chillman, i say I love you and i hope you make fortunes!!! By the way those who fault me on Tesla, we caught 350 points!!!!!!! How is that bad?
 I say to my enemies, good luck!
 No problem!
 

Jimmy Chill says he got the same amount of heat for calling out $NKLA when it was double where it is now that he's getting on $SPAQ.
Yet all he did was report the facts on both.


Of course there is a big difference.
But isn't that the point?
I can keep my  restaurant open if i want to but most aren't as well capitalized as i am and can't.


I think that Nicola may actually have nothing...
Those who did serious due diligence knew that there was nothing...


Browns, arguable, have two of the best rbs in the league....


We will have to find a home for all of this new supply...


Wow, so glad i asked..
This is incredible...


Does anyone know Torqueedo?
Does anyone have a motor boat that is a hybrid or all EV?
Who makes it?
Hmmm.
you are up if you bought the opening..
Costco. $COST
Chris' family lived a couple of miles from mine.
His brother was our County Commissioner.

RobinHoodies goosing Peloton?
What's going on?
fill me in??
I no longer vote in Pennsylvania but Pennsylvanians beware of the naked ballot-you need to put your mail-in ballot into the secrecy envelope to be sure it counts.
 

4 Thoughts on Amazon's Echo, Fire TV and Cloud Gaming Launches: 

Hey Mr. Vinestain, just checking in to see how your puts on $PENN are doing?
 Maybe an apology to @stoolpresidente is needed?


Jimmy Chill reporting for duty saying i liked it in the twenties and when it got down to the single digits i said double down.
I didn't do it because of Portnoy.
I did it because i like Jay's strategy.
You should have owned calls Vinestain. 

$PENN-amazingly successful offering...analysts really don't trust this stock or company
Norwegian Cruise Line ramping.. best in show..
And i know Canada v. U.S.
i didn't go to college to get stupid
The Chillman is sick and tired of the promoters of cannabis.
Go read Aurora.
i am tired of hearing about the economic difference.
TIRED OF IT.
Sure there is one outfit that is making money in the U.S.-i have had them on.
But enough already .
ENOUGH ALREADY.
You have cost people fortunes.


I think you have to amortize the Barstool numbers over the physical and recognize that they only just now have gotten the casinos in gear.


Penn Nat rocking again!

'Unstoppable' Nvidia Should Be Watched Closely Near-Term:

She's wrong.

coming to me shortly!

You actually want $ZM to roll over--50x sales too high..


Jimmy Chill has lived and breathed this stuff.
there is no free POS lunch.. and we can't afford the delivery vig...
 

don't sweat the program..
this is not unusual.
We have a good report on it for 

Mr. Flux, i like Colgate here because i am going to need a maximum amount of soap to wash your mouth out with.
Didn't your mother ever do that, Fluxster?


Jimmy Chill marvels at Mr. Swarm Blog for not realizing i am trying to solve the conundrum of the morning.
LOL right back at you, Mr. Blog.
Can i call you that?
Or do you want to be known as Swarmy?

Market seems weaker because of importation from European declines.
Those are covid and bank related so they may not have much negative firepower.

We had this exact same experience at one of our places 

There's great ingenuity but there's also profit and LOSS 

We know that much of the market away from housing is weak..
Would stimulus save it?
I think it could put on better keel..
I honestly do not think people know about the pain.
I know because i am in the associations and have been in both games for a long time and i can't believe the chaos and despair i am seeing...
Just terrible for this great country 

My mother taught me good table manners.
I hope i haven't forgotten them.


KBH was troubling.
No lift the day after unlike LEN and Horton.
Then great home numbers today and then nothing much from the group.
 The stocks are cheap but i say pullback or don't buy, i will work more on the group.


The action in SUNW (the old Sun Micro, now SunWorks) with 267 million shares traded today tells me there is more pain ahead.
The market will take care of those playing this game.
Always does..

Idea: wait until the conference call to sell Costco.
Maybe it isn't worth selling.
Typical ridiculously negative post-report decline after a terrific quarter from Costco.
 
(charitable trust, https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog owns it)
PepsiCo Could Hang Tough on the Charts: @BruceKamich

marley kind a likes the tape.
here https://t.co/JHD3TOWnDO
another joker stock!
 

yeah, Red sky at night sailors delight, red sky i morning sailors take warning..
i was trying to be positive...


thank you for this..
Yeah, didn't buy into NKLA game 

Got Sanofi tonight--thoughts?
We have to put it in the context that it deserves..
which is a fascinating business that can be brought to life!
 

That's what everyone calls Criminal Minds.
go read the profile of Mandy ...

Non-social distancing 

American--i love setting my alarm with her.
she tells me it's done in a lot of different ways..


she doesn't even know i am on-- or that i have a show!
 

$NVDA fighting the good fight!!
My wife is irreplaceable but Siri has game 

The First Rule of the Fighting Championship is Not to Mention Championship 

love https://t.co/bX60CXuNjF
I'm still with my wife!!!!!!  But i spend more time with Siri who can be very nice but not warm
Brian Moynihan gets it.
He knows the need for stimulus for the industries that are closed.. $BAC.
Why does he get it and so many don't?


where we used to go fishing for fluke and blowfish 

The hoax people?
They don't want us to talk, they want us to die.

Jimmy Chill isn't feeding them.
He's offering them poison mushroom caps!!! 

sailor’s delight 

I love being attacked in the morning by giving a way a chunk of money to kids trying to develop a mask that's more wear-able.
It's the smell of victory

i like cats and used to have five of them including one named Iverson, and he was a circus cat, what a jumper.
Ate a ton of rats. Gamer!


Hey Mikey , Chillman wants to know how it can be bad to donate a chunk of money to back 18 to 24 year olds to design a community mask?
 You really have to stretch it to attack me for http://xprize.org/mask.

But i welcome it and love being eviscerated here cause i am chill
Jimmy Chill says why say such a silly thing.
I am paying for it with @Benioff  I have never met Mr. Soros and don't know much about him.
But Chillman knows that anyone named "Sammie Whammie" is someone i trust and want to share a beer with.


Happy that you came on @jimcramer

please just go to https://t.co/NS3syOn64o and look at what @Benioff and i are sponsoring to get a mask that can protect us and not antagonize us... 3M, Honeywell, UnderArmour, Autodesk, NAM all aboard! ....


We've been up a lot.
This sell-off smashes the ghosts of 1999-2000.
I welcome it.


If you look at the https://t.co/NS3syOn64o you will see some great companies helping us: $UA, $MMM, $HON and Lydall among others.
 

#milliondollarmask 

Congrats to the Top 25 teams of the $1M XPRIZE Next-Gen Mask Challenge!
 I’m proud to partner with @XPRIZE and industry leaders to empower our next generation of innovators to change the world.
#milliondollarmask Follow the top 25 teams ⬇️⬇️⬇️ 

You are welcome!! and yes, it has to go lower.


Congrats to the Top 25 teams of the $1M XPRIZE Next-Gen Mask Challenge!
 Proud to partner with @XPRIZE and ndustry leaders to empower our next generation of innovators to change the world.

#milliondollarmask 
 Follow our Top 25 teams at https://t.co/s5ichco59A
my wrist band certifies that my temperature is normal.


What are the right levels?
Watch @MadMoneyOnCNBC tonight!

to be sure, though, i do love Bitcoin here 

This show is amazing...
@ScottWapnerCNBC  and the gang--so strong!!!!!! 
The honesty and the compelling ideas--folks this is what it really is about.

wow, you are so kind.
The product is 17 years old.
It's a recommended list that we have done more work on than  most research firms.
We tell you when it would be good to buy or sell.

Trial:  https://t.co/vxXRQLcJnm
Sorry Tesla-haters.
I am coming out against you..
Okta is up.. that thing is a juggernaut and also a precursor
Here comes Snowflake--man, unsinkable, that one
Glad you caught that!
 
Could have said Jetway.


$LUV--remains the one to buy if you want an airline.
Business travel--ouch..
the whole episode was INSANE

when i compile all of the tesla notes i detect cynicism at a level that is pathetic on this one.
thank you for the kind words about https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog 

confusing Baird piece on Tesla-- raises Price Target-which is what i care about -but also says he's bearish..
thinks you buy it lower..Cautious about demand.
Want to be clear for people to know he doesn't like it but he is positive 

Why did i pick up MVS?
have to ask @BillEnright cause MVS is like Exxon -Valdez.. un-ownable
Macy's Charts Aren't Showing Any Magic at This Point: @BruceKamich  

Now Baird names Tesla a fresh pick idea.
i find it hard to believe that this one won't do a u-turn and go back up  $TSLA
The club will not let you down!
 


Goldman gives Tesla fans a price target boost on EV adoption.
People love the EV theme..
Nike was that good BUT it was really only good for Nike.
I didn't see a lot of takeaways from it beyond the Swoosh
you are very kind.
we vow to work hard for you!
 

Darn, Nike really short on details about how they blew the number away.
But and astonishing quarter...
Darden's Technical Indicators Mixed Ahead of Earnings: @BruceKamich  

doing our best for all club members!!!  

thank you for joining the https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog club!
 we had a good one today!! 

club member of https://t.co/2Cj9QmVLog we hope you did the nike these last couple of days..  $NKE
Any questions for the ceos of Macys or ELF?
Our best times during this pandemic are on our 17 foot Boston Whaler 

I have been taking Quercetin every day for four months..
But i take pretty much everything i hear about . not discerning.


Nikola's Gains Since April Could Be in Jeopardy: @BruceKamich  

5 Thoughts on Microsoft's $7.5 Billion Deal to Buy Bethesda Softworks: @EricJhonsa 

The CDC aerosol announcement was like a flash sale on https://t.co/jbSBzh2hNp bars?
Restaurants?
Colleges??
 What do you think Dan?


i know there are people here at all the banks--any bank testing constantly?
kid v. job--NO!
 Stimulus, we need stimulus..
are we sure they aren't?
That would be terrible if they are not.
You need an NFL-like policy.


Worth a read 

to get things under control you have to force the closure of places that social distancing and masks aren't practicable  of course it spreads by droplet/aerosol... (restaurants, elevators, trading desks ).
Gottlieb: assume it.. 

What's next?
A denial that I did it by people who missed it or those who think I am not Chill 

People judge it by daily cases.
They have never judged it by deaths..
I agree with you but it is not the cogent stat.


Chillman says that you should go to Caroline's when it re-opens.
It is a dynamite comedy club and we could all laugh with you.
Oops, i meant at!!! Sorry Kevin.
You can start by taking off your mask and SNEEZING--Hoohah!
 

Watch Pa. for covid.
Restaurants went to 50% occupancy yesterday except for Philadelphia which remains 25%
Jimmy Chill says he has no choice because my enemies get up at 4 a.m. and i will not let them beat me.
I have to block people from 3:35 to 3:45.
Used to get tiresome but King of the Chill now loves it.
I love my enemies.
They are the fuel cells.
They are the hydrogen 

It's early--good time to attack the waiver wire--but i like the set up.
The worst thing would be to see the futures up huge.
that would be a pickoff.


HEAT
Ouch, but i will have to try to win you back.. Mr. WallStSupply?
What do you supply?

Don't forget Everwest//nvidia 

Chief, that's okay -photoshop it.
I like Adobe here 

i would put you on if you were Houdini's protege 

Lam is a great tell.

You got horsesense 



Wow, Mr Banco de Barstool, i love your analysis but i alsi like to make money and this stock is up 45% for the year and we recommended it at $2.
 But Banky, you may be like Bizarro Superman, you like em ugly and poor 

Jimmy Chill points out that Apple was down big when he pointed this out, Mr Pimmetje 1975.
You could have made some money.
You could have bought yourself a Pimm's cup!
 Chill wants to know if it's good to be wrong.. Cheers, Pimmster!!t !tot be wro.!

i miss the old guy 

Paradise Lost 

Apple was down 20% and suddenly people decided it was dangerous..
$AAPL is the tell!
