Competence is the new cool.
Thank you for sharing. 
This means a lot to me to hear this. 
Bless her. 
Can a science experiment be beautiful? 
This short film tells the remarkable story of two researchers who furthered human knowledge about the basic building blocks of life in an experiment many called " the most beautiful experiment."
As names of Biden's cabinet choices start leaking out, it seems his approach to staffing his administration will be a tad different from his predecessor’s. 
Experience and proven competence instead of nepotism and sycophancy.
Meanwhile in our heartbreaking reality. 
We can and need to come together as a nation by staying distant and wearing masks. 
A vaccine is coming. Hold on.
Talk about overstaying your welcome. 
The party’s over, buddy.
They won’t wear masks, but they’ll wear tinfoil hats. 
Not the best of looks.
Our documentary #HumanNatureFilm  on #Netflix ? 
We’re pretty proud of it. 
Thanksgiving 2020 was always going to be a disappointment. 
Help people live to celebrate in 2021. 
Stay home. 
Stay masked. 
Stay distant. 
Stay smart. 
Stay responsible. 
Stay alive.
Thank you. 
That was our hope with how we made #HumanNatureFilm. 
As we approach holiday shopping season (maybe many are already in it?) 
please remember Indie Bookstores are GREAT local businesses that need our support. 
Ask them for gift suggestions (even if it's not #WhatUnitesUs - sorry for the shameless plug). #IndiesFirst
Republican election officials have show a lot more backbone and commitment to democracy than Republican senators.
I remember when @HillaryClinton refused to concede and then the @BarackObama team refused to work with the incoming Trump team or meet with him. 
Oh right. None of that happened.
Nero fiddled. Trump golfed.
Completely on brand. 
Yes #Science  IS amazing. 
And awe inspiring. And fascinating. And vital. And urgent. 
Thanks for watching #HumanNatureFilm. 
It’s important to show there is a market for science films.
So glad you liked #HumanNatureFilm   Especially considering your experience. 
Thank you for your interest.
Congratulations. 
Thank you. 
A loss for science. 
A loss for Puerto Rico. 
A loss for us all.
For all the lights and cameras, the people on TV are still... people. 
A reminder of that tonight with a raw and poignant plea by Rachel Maddow. 
Do everything you can to not get this virus. 
Rachel, my thoughts are with you and Susan.
...since inflaming a deadly pandemic... since shaking down a foreign power for dirt on a political opponent... since ripping children away from their parents... since stoking overt racism around the legitimacy of his predecessor...
We are in the midst of a public roll call of which elected officials are willing to defend the laws and democratic practices of the United States - now and hereafter.
To all my Canadian friends who want to watch #HumanNatureFilm. 
The film is currently not available on Netflix in Canada, but is on Crave. 
Please spread the word to others who may be looking for it, and thank you for your interest.
I've gotten to know Emily Ramshaw @eramshaw and her efforts at @19thnews, a new national nonprofit newsroom at the intersection of gender, politics and policy. 
I hope you follow their great journalism, and join me in throwing $19 their way:
I love this. 
Learning and science can be a tasty treat.
We've postponed SO MANY THINGS this year, can we please postpone family gatherings for THANKSGIVING? 
To when we can be thankful for a vaccine? 
And science? 
And having saved the lives of thousands of our fellow Americans? 
Please. PLEASE. 
We’re close. 
We can get there. 
But not yet.
I love indie bookstores. #IndiesFirst 
Now just imagine if this election had ACTUALLY been close...
Truth. 
Thank you. 
This means a lot.
The answers will be what we all make of them. 
Our hope was to set a foundation for knowledge and dialogue. 
Thanks for watching #HumanNatureFilm  on #Netflix
I am extremely proud to support INDIE BOOKSTORES. 
Whether you’re buying #WhatUnitesUs or any other title, please support these vital local institutions.  #IndiesFirst. 
Spread the word and maybe share a shout out in the comments to your favorite local bookstore.
Wow! You can have an administration that reflects the diversity of America. 
Who knew?
It would be truly historic.
I remember the “Rudy” film as an inspirational story of a walk on football hero. 
The sequel “Rudy” playing out now in court is as if you fast forwarded 70 years and made it a tragic farce.
We need to live in a country that believes in counting every vote and not only those from people who would have been able to vote at the founding of this nation.
This. This is what COVID is really about. 
We need to hear these voices. 
This is a story that is hidden from sight for far too many. 
We need to break through the fog of confusion. 
Please read and share. 
Stop and assess.
The messaging, or lack thereof, on masks drives me nuts. 
I get it. 
Some people don’t want to wear masks. 
But we have no problem wearing the mantle of selfishness and stupidity
I completely agree. 
The biggest threat to our electoral process is the outrages that have followed a historic vote.
Those who make the system work are heroic patriots.
In my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I want to hear from you. 
How is the pandemic affecting your plans for the holidays?
As COVID-19 cases rise, would you support more or less restrictions on businesses and activities? 
Dial 844-305-2639 at 10:15am ET and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
My thoughts are with all in harm’s way tonight with another r horrific storm. 
We must act on climate change.
It all still amazes that humans are doing this out in space.  
He doesn’t even play a doctor on TV. 
Well, when you put it that way... 
More great news on another vaccine. 
There’s real reason for hope, because, you know, #SCIENCE!!!
I hope you liked the rest of the film. 😃
#HumanNatureFilm 
If you don’t lead, you must concede.
Sharing this for others to weigh in on suitability of #HumanNatureFilm for children. 
Thanks.
No matter how many launches you have seen, it is still a step into awe and wonder to see humans leave the gravitational bonds of Earth. 
Congratulations to all on a successful launch. 
#Science
Thank you. 
This means a lot. 
Netflix. Thanks.
When I see video of the “Proud Boys” and others of their ilk, I think these ain’t the kind of folks who put a person on the moon. 
But maybe they think that’s a hoax too.
That means a lot. 
We set out trying to make not just a science show, but a true film.
Wow. Thanks. 
I concur with all of this, especially the Oscar part 😀. 
#DareToDream? 
Thank you very much for the kind words @JoyAnnReid
Thank you. 
#Science Indeed!
It's available on Crave. 
Hopefully coming to Netflix in Canada later.
Thank you very much. 
I'm glad you liked #HumanNatureFilm enough to recommend it. 
That's always the standard one hopes to achieve.
I am honored. 
Thank you.
And if a frog had side pockets, he’d carry a handgun. 
A tale of two realities. 
(One being adherence to actual reality, and science, and leadership, etc.)
#Courage
Well @dahornet your luck paid off. 
Please Direct Message @AlgonquinBooks to claim your autographed copy of #WhatUnitesUs.  
Thank you all for joining us on this journey. 
More exciting promotions to come.
Frankly, my trolls, I don’t give a damn.
AMERICA. WAKE UP. 
NOW!!!! With COVID, we know what works. 
Wear masks. Social distance. Wash hands. 
A vaccine is coming. 
But you can't vaccinate dead people or those suffering long term effects. 
I want to gather for the holidays. 
But I want my fellow Americans to live more.
Hope you enjoy it. 
We’re very interested in what young viewers think of #HumanNatureFilm
Your story was a powerful moment in our #HumanNatureFilm, thank you for letting us share it.
Thank you. 
That was our doc. 
#HumanNatureFilm was on NOVA and now is also on Netflix. 
We’re very proud of it and are pleased so many are enjoying it. 
We need more #science documentaries that have faith in the interests and intelligence of a general audience.
We're coming up to the end of the WHAT UNITES US signed book contest. 
Retweet this or the tweet below to have a chance at winning a signed copy of my book #WhatUnitesUs. 
And follow @AlgonquinBooks to learn about upcoming promotions. 
Thank you for your support.
This strikes me as a bad idea, a dangerous idea. 
It’s also exactly the wrong message to send to America as the pandemic spikes.
A must read! 
There's a limit to what even heroes can accomplish. 
“The most precious resource the U.S. health-care system has in the struggle against COVID-19 isn’t some miracle drug. 
It’s the expertise of its health-care workers—and they are exhausted.”
Well, here we are. 
It's the last day of the signed #WhatUnitesUs giveaway. 
Retweet this or the tweet from my publisher Algonquin below in order to enter. 
I'm humbled by your interest in the book. 
We're planning more events. 
Please follow @AlgonquinBooks to stay updated.
Congratulations @BREWtifulHealth. 
Breathe and you shall receive You've won a #WhatUnitesUs signed hardcover.  
Please follow and DM @AlgonquinBooks to arrange everything. 
We have one more day to go in this challenge. 
More details soon.
He... Doesn’t... Care... 
Dude. You lost.
Love the indie bookshops. 
Please support them. 
You might try the “Book People” bookstore in Austin,Tex. 
They have some signed copies. 
Please tell your Dad Semper Fi for me. (One time short time Marine private)
We look back in horror and disbelief at ancient approaches to medicine. 
Bleeding? Leeches? 
In the future people will look back at us. 
Not wearing a mask? Seriously? 
The difference is we should know better. Lunacy.
Is it too early to shamelessly self-promote #WhatUnitesUs as the PERFECT holiday🎁 - for friends and family alike? 
Asking for a friend. 
(Okay... asking for me. 
But hey it’s my Twitter. 
It's allowed, right? 😀)
I concur @chelseaperetti. 
#HumanNatureFilm is a doc. 
And it IS good. 
(Full disclosure: it's our documentary, but others seem to think it is good as well 😀)
Let's give away another signed #WhatUnitesUs. 
It's Day 4 of the contest. 
All you have to do to qualify is retweet this tweet or the original tweet below from my supportive publisher 
@AlgonquinBooks (while you're at it, give them a Twitter follow). 
#WhatUnitesUs.
Congratulations Jo Lindskog, we have a winner! 
#Courage. 
Please DM @algonquinbooks to get your book. 
Happy to oblige 😀. 
I am proud of HUMAN NATURE and eager for people to see it on Netflix. 
Glad you enjoyed it enough to recommend it. 
#Science 
#HumanNatureFilm
COVID is sadness. 
Profound sadness. 
It is suffering, and sacrifice. 
It is perhaps the greatest abdication of presidential responsibility in American history.
I have seen a lot of death and tragedy in my lifetime. 
But this shakes me to the core, completely and irrevocably.
Donald Trump is the Washington Generals of election lawsuits
I am thankful for all of you are are reading WHAT UNITES US. 
Some of you mentioned you shared with friends and family across the political spectrum. 
I am very curious to hear any response on that front. 
#WhatUnitesUs
Trust me, there is a lot that falls into the "can't do" category.
Yes. It is the same film.
Thank you for your support. 
Would love to hear how the reading and viewing goes. 
Take care.
For those looking to watch HUMAN NATURE, it's available currently on Netflix.
We're eager to hear your feedback on HUMAN NATURE. 
We wanted to make a documentary about science that embraced the nuance and elegance of the #CRISPR breakthrough, and allowed viewers to grapple with the complicated moral questions. 
Thanks for your interest. 
#HumanNatureFilm
A big happy birthday to a wonderful neighbor and Austin institution. 
Please give @BookPeople a follow on Twitter if you are so inclined.
Support Indie Bookstores! 
Support local businesses!
Thanks for watching #HumanNatureFilm. 
We are very proud of our documentary. 
#CRISPR might end up being one of the biggest stories I will have covered.
Joe Biden won, Donald Trump lost. 
That is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
On this #VeteransDay we honor those who served in our armed forces. 
We recognize the perilous moment in which we find ourselves, and pray the example of shared sacrifice by those who have worn the uniform of this great nation can bring us greater unity and sense of community.
May you read it in health. 
Thank you for your support.
Let's go @AlgonquinBooks. 
Day 3 folks of the challenge. 
Retweet this or the original post for a chance to win an autographed copy of #WhatUnitesUs. 
And thank you all for your support.
Well in this case @serenitysueh, ask and ye shall receive. 
Congratulations on winning Day 2 of our signed #WhatUnitesUs challenge. 
Please DM @algonquinbooks to get your book. 
For everyone else, three days of the contest remain. 
Stay tuned or follow @AlgonquinBooks for details.
With about 150 million votes, and Republicans desperate for even the most skimpy of fig leafs to their rhetoric of fraud, it’s truly stunning that despite all the sound and fury what they’ve  found is, essentially, signifying... nothing.
COVID didn’t disappear on Nov. 4. 
Instead, it is spiking. 
It is dangerous. 
It is widespread. 
And it is infectious. 
There is hope of a vaccine but a chasm of death and suffering remains. 
Stay steady. Stay maksed. And stay distanced.
I love giving away these books @AlgonquinBooks. 
It's Day 2 of the contest. 
If you want a chance to win a signed hardcover of #WhatUnitesUs, all you have to do is retweet this, or the tweet from my supportive publisher below. 
And while you're at it give @AlgonquinBooks a follow.
And we have a winner! 
The first of the signed hardcover #WhatUnitesUs goes to Beverly Ayers. 
Congrats! 
Stay tuned for the Day 2 contest coming shortly.
( That’s a long time ago) #Science
In my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I want to hear from you -all points of view are welcome. 
Now that Joe Biden has been declared the winner of the presidential election, how can we unite as a country and move forward? 
Dial 844-305-2639 at 10:15am ET and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
Chilling and a challenge to the coverage by many in the press who may fail to fully convey the stakes and dangerous outrages.
I fully endorse this message. 
Please support your Indie Bookstores. 
They are places that promote curiosity, contemplation, and our common humanity. 
In other words, we need them!
If you had not heard of @realkingsreturn before, here’s another great musical moment I shared once before.
God Bless America indeed. Such beautiful harmony. 
I must have something in my eye because it’s getting misty.
Maybe you would be interested in our documentary HUMAN NATURE on Netflix. 
It's about moral and societal implications of the science revolution known as #CRISPR (which won the Nobel Prize this year!). 
It might end up being one of the biggest stories I've every covered.
Want a GREAT Sunday break from the election news? 
The chance to expand your mind? 
Check out HUMAN NATURE on Netflix. 
(Ok, it's our documentary, but I'm really proud of it). 
It's about the science revolution known as #CRISPR, which got this year's Nobel Prize!!! 
#HumanNatureFilm
Some fun news! 
Glad many seem to be enjoying #WhatUnitesUs. 
This week I'm working with my publisher on a Twitter giveaway of 5 signed hardcovers (it involves retweeting). 
I'll give you the details tomorrow. 
For a jumpstart, follow my wonderful publisher @AlgonquinBooks.
The escalating pandemic is a potent reminder we can't wall ourselves off from others, or reality. 
We need to invest in our own determination to make the world better. 
We must do the hard work to make the present determine a future we can't fully imagine or comprehend.
I am glad you are reading this, but I also suggest you tuck away your phone or computer for a while. 
Read a book. 
Call an old friend. 
Take a walk. 
Hold out hope. 
Minds can change. 
Hearts can open. 
Ears can listen. Speech can be used to build bridges. 
There are many reasons to be cynical but I for one choose to not succumb. 
To make that choice feels like a step towards healing.
I remember in the aftermath of World War II there were very strong feelings, to say the least. 
There was so much death, and hatred, and horror. 
But within a few years, Japan and Germany were well on their way to becoming allies of the United States, where they remain today. 
I think we all need a reset, take a moment to breathe and think of our communal health and common humanity. 
I understand the fear, and the distrust, and the dislike. 
We can't give up on fighting for justice or the truth. 
We are all in this together, whether we like it or not.
We have a winner and a loser. 
There is a lot of damage that can still be done, but let us reflect that the worst fears of violence at the polls or in the aftermath have not materialized yet. 
Not by a long shot. 
And that gives me hope.
Right now the temperature is hot, if not in the air, then in the hearts of many of our fellow citizens. 
This was a pitched battle for the soul of the nation, fueled by propaganda and distortions that made it all the more passionate.
It has been a long and arduous process to try to fix those injustices. 
The sight of Kamala Harris, in a white suit speaking as the Vice President-elect, is a sign of how far we have come and how far we also have to go. 
The other thing I hope we can agree on is our nation is broken in ways that need fixing and it's always easier to fix things when you work together. 
This effort must begin by realizing America has always been broken in some significant systemic and historic realities.
My hope is that there are a few things we can all agree on. 
One is that we never know what will happen. 
Think back over the last 40 years, or 4 years, or 4 months, or even 4 days. 
How much did we really see coming? 
The present changes the future. 
It always has. Always will. 
Are the portents for Democrats ominous in the long term? 
Is the party split? 
What will Donald Trump do? 
What will the Senate Republicans do? 
What do we make from parsing the demographics, and the electorate, and the statements from the politicians on both sides?
What happens now?
The tumult continues with rapid news cycles reckoning about the future. 
We see recriminations and outrage, second-guessing and breathless prognosticating. 
What will the final vote totals be in the popular vote and in the uncalled states?
Thank you for your service. 
Science is always an applause line I am happy to stand and salute.
A cliffsnotes version of Joe Biden’s speech could be summarized as #WhatUnitesUs 😀.  
I truly believe most of America would like to work together to solve our challenges.
It feels good to be looking forward.
Madame Vice President-elect!
I wonder @HamillHimself, did you feel a disturbance in the Force? 
Perhaps it was the sound of the rest of the world exhaling?
Sportsmanship is being joyous in victory, without gloating. And it is being sad in defeat without being a sore loser. 
It is a standard I hope we can ultimately achieve.
Please indulge me with sharing a personal thought. 
But I am glad I’m still around to see this.
Ok, 2020. 
That was something good.
As people celebrate, please remember we are in the midst of a raging and resurgent pandemic. 
Wear masks, keep your distance, live to fight for the future.
Let’s turn #WhatUnitesUs from a question, to a statement of purpose.
Thank you.
This is a win for decency and democracy. 
A new chapter in American history begins today.
We SHALL overcome.
The Magical Mystery Tour is waiting to take you away. Gather the kids. 
Send in the clowns. 
It seems we (finally) have a President-elect Biden and Vice President-elect Harris.
Joe Biden's speech tonight was addressed to the entirety of our nation. 
It was like a fresh breeze on a muggy day. 
We elect presidents of the United States of America. 
All of it. 
At least that's the way it's supposed to be. 
God willing.
I guess he just got tired of all the winning.
Happy Birthday 🎂. 
I wonder if one of the hang ups is Donald Trump is concerned about his "conceding" hairline.
Yes, RBG too.
 I was thinking particularly of Arizona and Georgia.
Am I the only one picturing John Lewis and John McCain watching the returns together?
Thank you.
Watching the vote totals come in is sort of like watching video of a car wreck in reverse.
Maybe if we explained to Donald Trump that he is “in debt” to the counted ballots in many states, he could better understand the “math.”
Thanks. 
I will leave it to others to judge the quality of this "read." 
But I wholeheartedly agree. 
Support your local, indie bookstores, whether it's with #WhatUnitesUs, or any other title.
In a special edition of my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I want to hear your thoughts on the election results. 
Are you surprised by how close the returns are? 
I'll be taking your calls live at 5:30pm ET. 
Dial 844-305-2639 and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
I’ll be on air today at 5pm ET for a special Election edition of #DanRathersAmerica on @RadioAndySXM (SiriusXM channel 102.) 
Hope you'll tune in
Thank you. 
I'm curious for the feedback you get.
This is a good question. 
I hope the answer for many of you is "yes" you have seen HUMAN NATURE (now on Netflix). 
I'm very proud of our #HumanNatureFilm. We need to understand and appreciate science, now even more than ever.
Poll workers are heroes. 
Full stop.
Even as America has been riveted by the election drama, doctors, nurses, orderlies, paramedics, and all the others on the medical front lines have been battling a deadly pandemic made worse by a horrendous government response. 
Let’s remember these heroes as well this morning.
America:             Knock, Knock. 
Donald Trump:  Who's there?
America:             The truth.
Re-upping on this tweet this morning.
my thoughts are with you on a full recovery. 
Thank you for using this difficult moment in you own life to educate and inform. 
You have likely saved lives.
Biden takes the lead in Pennsylvania. 
If - if - it stays blue then we are through.
As a man, I recognize the bar is lower, but I've had some wonderful makeup people do what they could to make this face television ready. 
But in the field, I often did the basics myself. 
Sometimes the results I fear may have resembled a kabuki production of Moulin Rouge.
Just because you sue, doesn’t mean it’s true.
Please don’t insult the Stooges! 
Thanks. 
Humor and news must both be part of #WhatUnitesUs.
Who invented the ALL CAPS key? 
MAY WE HAVE A WORD?
Happy birthday.
Independent Bookstores are vital to our future. 
Many are hurting. 
I've used this platform in the past, and will it again to encourage all of you to support these local businesses. 
To others on Twitter with big followings, please echo this call. 
This can be part of #WhatUnitesUs.
Thank you for the kind words.
I won't minimize the challenges or dangers before us. 
But I believe America is more broken in politics than in heart. 
There's ugliness and hate - systemic and historical. 
But I think we can find common ground on important issues if we could get tribal politics out of the way.
Try to do something this week to help someone else in a way that has nothing to do with politics. 
It will make you feel better. 
And it will be a small but measurable step in helping heal our world.
I find myself thinking of Dr. King a lot this morning. 
I started covering him early in the Civil Rights Movement, when defeats outnumbered victories. 
But I saw in him a steadiness and unshakable belief in the justice of his cause. 
He never gave up, and he moved mountains.
A stark reminder, especially at my age, that all-nighters are fine, until you have to pay the price. 
I had intended to go to bed, but sleep never came and I stayed glued to the news. 
I can't predict a lot about the future, but I can predict a nap.
A stark reminder, especially at my age, that all-nighters are fine, until you have to pay the price. 
I had intended to get some sleep last night, but it never came and I was glued to the news. 
I can't predict a lot about the future, but I can predict a nap.
On @RadioAndySXM  I’ll be speaking with the incomparable @Andy to add some context and perspective to this morning after Election Day.
I search for a fitting analogy for the moment, but I’m unsure if they still have see-saws on modern playgrounds.
I don't know any more about where this is going than you do, or anybody else. 
We will be back at it tomorrow. 
#Peace.
Up next: I’ll be joining @morning_joe on @peacockTV
Patience remains a virtue.
For those following election coverage, there are miles to go before we sleep. 
I’ll be joining “Election Night on SiriusXM Progress” to discuss live results. 
You can join the conversation here: http://siriusxm.us/ProgressElection
Command center in Austin tonight. 
One thing to keep in mind is where does the third party vote from 2016 go?
Remember that Florida and Georgia both figure to be close. 
So early returns should be kept  in context. 
They, at best, may provide a few hints and clues. 
But unwise to attach much significance to them at this point.
A big thank you to all those working the polls. 
You keep the gears of our democracy turning.
The big news out of the Rather household is we’re having drop biscuits to get us through the night.
Trying to tease out election results at this point in the day is like trying to read tea leaves in a tornado.
It was a pleasure to speak with the talented
These are turbulent and dangerous times. 
My gentle counsel is be big on hope, pray (if that's your way), stay steady, have patience, and don't forget to breathe. 
If you can, listen to your favorite music, read a book or poetry, and if the weather is nice, take a walk.
This is absolutely unprecedented. 
Amen. 
After you make sure you’ve voted, today is also a great day to affirm democracy by supporting your independent booksellers. 
They are vital local businesses and a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.
In my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I want to hear from you. 
Today is Election Day in America. 
What are you seeing and hearing on the ground in your area? 
How closely will you be watching the election results tonight? 
Dial 844-305-2639 at 10:15am ET and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
Good night, America. #Peace. 
That’s my hope... and prayer. 
See you tomorrow.
Here we are. 
The last Hank Williams #1 hit as we count down to Election Day. 
The final selection is "Take These Chains from My Heart." 
It was recorded in Hank's very last session, before his death at the age of just 29 years old. 
Life is precious and precarious. 
Take care.
You're broken down and tired
Of living life on a merry go round
And you can't find the fighter
But I see it in you so we gonna walk it out
And move mountains
We gonna walk it out
And move mountains
And I'll rise up
I'll rise like the day
I'll rise up
I'll rise unafraid
As our minds focus on an election, let’s save some pause for those facing nature’s wrath. 
We need to get serious about the climate crisis in a hurry. 
And that’s on the ballot tomorrow.
Thank you.
Thank you Robert. 
Right back at ya.
Thank you Paul. 
This means a lot.
I'm excited. 18 presidential election nights "On Air." (72 years. Maybe a record?) 
From a small radio station in rural Huntsville to here with all of you. 
The mind turns. 
Will this be my last? 
I hope not, but know it could be. 
It will be memorable. 
Thank you all for joining me.
Thank you, and please thank him for his service. 
#WhatUnitesUs
Sometimes politicians reveal the most when the cameras aren’t rolling. 
This recollection from @rhdagostino paints a personal portrait of Joe Biden and is worth the read.
One day more. 
Another day, another destiny. 
#Vote
A seasoned pro provides his take on the state of the election.
Wow. Unbelievable, but of course believable. 
The closing argument is “Fire Fauci.” 
Well, at least it has alliteration.
I remember when Nov. 3 was a pin on  a distant calendar. Now it’s tomorrow.
Just 2 days to go to Election Day. 
And that means we're down to the final 2 hits in the Hank Williams countdown. 
Tonight is an all time great, "Your Cheatin' Heart." 
It has been recorded by many stars, but there's something special about the original.
Yes. I read the audiobook. 
Thanks for your kind words.
It means a lot to see this in print. 
The Best Sellers List in today's Sunday New York Times. 
Thank you all for reading, sharing, and discussing #WhatUnitesUs. 
We feel very fortunate that our book seems to be resonating.
These Trump “intimidation caravans” are engaging in criminal behavior in at least some — I think many —instances. 
Law enforcement must take a stand on the side of public safety and justice.
Can you even begin to imagine what would happen if these caravans were made up of Black people? 
The thought experiment is the very definition of systemic racism and White privilege.
These Trump “caravans” disrupting traffic and putting motorists at risk are pathetic, juvenile, and dangerous. 
This thuggish behavior is not the American way. 
Everybody needs to say that. 
I’m happy I just did.
Pleasure to be on @MSNBC with @AlexWitt today. As our conversation showed, there’s much to reflect on as the conversation showed, there’s much to reflect on as the country moves through the last day of early voting and into Election Day (what I now call “Vote Day”) 
If you haven’t already, make a plan to vote and stay steady.
Courage. 
I am honored to be here with all of you in a spirit of #WhatUnitesUs.
Am I sure this will be our destiny? 
No. But I have seen many in history make a grave mistake in betting against this nation and its people's ability to right its wrongs, move towards a path to justice, and regain a steady charting of the future.
Do what you can to make this moment count. 
#VOTE . 
Encourage others to do so. 
And at the same time, remember we are Americans and our future is one that is better in seeking the bonds of unity than in stoking the fires of division. 
I remain an optimist. It's an optimism forged by a lifetime of experience, a belief in the basic decency of most people. 
I pray for a reduction of tension, a loosening of party politics as the core definition of our populace, a return to a nation of ideas and ideals.
Healing doesn't mean forfeiting one's values. 
It does not mean watering down the structural, policy, and cultural changes we will have to make. 
But it does mean not losing a sense of one's humanity, humility, and empathy.
But part of being steady is to recognize that beyond the current horizons, others loom. 
This nation will have to find a way to heal, no matter how improbable that seems today.
For many years now, I have taken to this platform and others, to urge my fellow citizens to take a long view of history, to recognize the peril we have faced in the past, to shine the bright light of justice on our divisions and inequalities, and to, above all, remain steady.
For all the intimidation and suppression of the vote, it has never been easier in most places in this nation to cast a ballot. 
The early and mail-in vote numbers, staggering in their aggregate and state-by-state breakdowns, are evidence of this.
I do not mean to underestimate the threats to a fair and free election. 
But we should also approach that question with a degree of calm and sense of purpose.
Today, the feeling is quite different. 
The challenge is dire but it is internal. 
The choice is ours to make, at least to the point that the votes and the will of the people will prevail
I have felt this before, during World War II and the Cuban Missile Crisis, to name two particularly precarious chapters in American and global history. 
In both cases there was a chance that outside forces would exterminate, quite literally, our nation and its ideals.
We never really know what lies before us, but the cone of uncertainty at this moment is so wide that it seems to stretch in almost every conceivable direction. 
There are plausible scenarios that auger for a fundamental redefinition of this nation and this world.
A long thought for today: 
We are on the precipice, of that we are sure. 
Of what exactly, there are hints and whispers and clues, but the haze of the future is unknowable.
We had a president who was “nothing but net.” 
Now we have one who is “nothing but debt.”
Video of menacing caravans of flag-festooned trucks streaking across the flatlands set to ominous music. 
Trying to remember where I saw similar imagery before.
I think we are at the point where Donald Trump is demanding to see COVID’s birth certificate - the long form.
Once in a blue moon... (finish the phrase as you please)
It's 3 days to go in the Hank Williams countdown of #1 hits to Election Day. 
Today's tune is "Kaw-Liga" and it's a song unlike any other. 
It's about love and longing, but with a twist from a very different time. 
Two more days to go. 
Desperate to escape the poll parsing and doom scrolling? 
May I suggest our documentary HUMAN NATURE, about the #CRISPR science revolution (which got this year's NOBEL PRIZE). 
It's on Netflix. 
Seen it? 
I'd love to hear your thoughts. 
Use #HumanNatureFilm.
Just 4 days as we count Hank Williams hits to Election Day. 
Tonight we have "I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive" - the last single released during Williams' lifetime. 
With lyrics like "I had a lot a luck but it's all been bad" it's songwriting gold.
Hope to see you at 6pm Eastern when I talk #WhatUnitesUs hosted by @PoliticsProse with @jestei, author of "The Firsts" about the women reshaping Congress. 
You can sign up here: https://t.co/fwOWroRHZ0?amp=1
So proud of my hometown. 
A voting rights success story. 
A model for the nation.
VERY IMPORTANT. PLEASE SHARE WIDELY. 
There is no longer really voting by mail in many states. 
If you haven’t sent in your ballot, it is likely too late for it to count. 
Find other options ASAP.  
Drop it off. 
Vote in person. 
This is a great resource.
Hope to see you tomorrow, 6pm ET for a discussion of #WhatUnitesUs with @PoliticsProse.
Thank you Andy. 
You are a pro and the honor is mine to work with you.
More of this please, corporate America. 
I don't know what will happen on Tue. 
But I do know on 11/8, #WhatUnitesUs will be at # 6 on the @nytimes bestsellers list. 
None of this would have happened without your support. 
I am truly humbled, not a common emotion for current (or even former) news anchors. 
#Gratitude.
Seeing the vote turnout, in Georgia in particular, I just wish John Lewis was still around to witness this.
Science. (That’s it. That’s the tweet. Pass it on).
We are down to 5 days, but we're still cookin' with the Hank Williams hits in our countdown to Election Day. 
Today we have a fun one: "Jambalaya (On the Bayou)." 
Jambalaya and a craw fish pie and filé gumbo for everyone!
This will certainly not get the attention it deserves. 
Please help spread its reach by clicking, reading, and sharing. 
Blockbuster and very important investigative reporting by @EricLiptonNYT @BenWeiserNYT.
I’ve got this crazy idea. 
Stick with me for a moment. 
People vote before a deadline. 
And then we count all those votes to see who won. 
Back in my day we called that American democracy. 
I guess today it’s socialism?
“After 2 weeks of multiple health screens and asking everyone to quarantine, I surprised my closest inner circle with a trip to a private island where we could pretend things were normal just for a brief moment in time.”
Huge numbers. 
Where this all leads, what it eventually means will be very interesting to see.9
I love words. 
I just wish there were fewer anodyne synonyms and euphemisms for LYING. 
Call it what it is.
This. 
ALL of this. 
Smile. Hope. The Future. 
#WhatUnitesUs 
Well, when you put it that way... 
6 Days. 
Well, the Hank Williams countdown of #1 hits races on. 
Tonight, we have a shift in tone from blues to "Hey, Good Lookin'." 
It's another of the few songs for which we have video of Hank performing, including a cameo by June Carter (before the Cash). 
My thoughts are with all in the path of nature’s wrath. 
We will need to be ready to act and give aid in the wake of this potential but likely very real disaster.
I just want to live in an America where I can give my grandson a hug.
Thank you and please thank your father! 
I fully endorse smiles 😀.  
They are certainly part of #WhatUnitesUs!
By my definition, “pro life” would include making sure elderly rally goers have a bus to take them home from the cold. 
(Not to mention not surrendering to the pandemic)
I did a 60 Minutes profile on Billy Joe many years back. 
Sadly, I don't think the video is available but you can read it here.
Another great Texas music icon is gone. 
Billy Joe Shaver was a bona fide, certified, Lone Star original - a throwback to a far different time. 
This was echoed in the music he wrote and performed over a long and very adventurous life.
Hope to see many of you on Friday when I talk #WhatUnitesUs (via video) at @PoliticsProse. 
I love this idea.
I am sorry. 
I don’t want to editorialize. 
But this is NUTS. 
You’re the @nytimes. 
Have some respect for yourself. 
Maybe Wall Street can tell Donald Trump he hasn’t turned the corner on COVID? 
Just a friendly, Wednesday reminder. 
Please support INDEPENDENT BOOKSTORES. 
They are important local businesses and vital to our communities. 
They must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.  
Feel free to share and tag your favorites in the comments. 
(Pictures are always a plus).
He sees them as props. 
When a metaphor becomes a reality. 
Excusez moi?
A season unlike any other. 
ends with triumph for the mighty Dodgers. 
Congrats to them and the plucky Rays. 
A very good series. 
I close my eyes and savor the joys of baseball. 
For a moment, life is normal and explainable. 
We cannot give up on this vision.  
#WhatUnitesUs
Just one week! 
Hard to believe, but the Hank Williams Election Day # 1 hits countdown keeps on truckin'. 
Today we have a gem, "Cold, Cold Heart." Not only is it a classic of music and verse, it's one of the few songs where we have Hank singing on film.
An important read
For all that is going on, let’s not forget the dangers of anti-Semitism.
❤️
I love hearing this. 
Please support your local, independent bookstores. 
They must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.
One week. 
#Vote like democracy depends on it. 
Because it does.
The waters roil tonight. 
Our ship of state sways. 
But the vote, as stressed as it may be, is the keel that will right our vessel into a calmer, and far fairer, sea. 
#Steady.
Ok. 8 days to go! 
And hitting the Hank Williams Election Countdown Jukebox today is... "Moanin' the Blues." 
The song kicks off with the opening line, "When my baby moved out and the blues moved in..." Amazing. 
Released 70 years ago. 
Last week's #WhatUnitesUs Indie Bookstore Challenge was a great success, supporting wonderful local businesses. 
But this article reminds us these vital parts of our communities face stark challenges. 
Whether buying my book or others, please support them.
I know I'm late to the meme, but here it is. 
Thank you all for joining me on this improbable journey.
Apparently snowbirds aren’t the only ones who move to Florida. 
Snowflakes do too.
“But Vlad, Vlad. 
I thought we were amigos.” 
Baseball is just beautiful, and surprising, tense, and comforting. 
It’s unlike anything else I have ever seen. 
And I love it.
We are 9 days out and tonight’s Hank Williams hit is "Why Don't You Love Me.” 
It has gems of lyrics like “I'm the same old trouble that you've always been through.” Humor and truth.
Perhaps Donald Trump underestimates how many Americans are just sick and tired of all the bullshine.
So the administration goes on the Sunday shows to say they are surrendering to the virus? 
First of all, appalling. 
And second, maybe not the best closing argument to a nation being overrun by said virus.
Wild end to a wild game. 
We have a series.
The World Series feels like a seesaw and I’m like a 5 year old on a playground. Loving it.
A cynicism as expansive as the cosmos.
I always found it somewhat ironic that Amazon has #WhatUnitesUs listed as #1 in the “Nationalism” category considering a big message of the book is we need to disentangle the positive notion of “patriotism” from the toxic notion of “nationalism.”
An important follow on Twitter.
Sad word comes this morning that my friend and neighbor Jerry Jeff Walker has passed away. 
My condolences to his wonderful wife Susan and all his friends and family. 
He was a brilliant songwriter, singer, musician, and all around good guy. 
He will be missed.
Hadn’t seen this @Guinz but credit where credit is due. 
10 days to go, and the next Hank Williams song in our #1 Hits Jukebox Election Countdown is "Long Gone Lonesome Blues." 
It starts with the line "I went down to the river to watch the fish swim by..." 
A story of loneliness unfolds from there. 
Great song.
Imagine if they worked as hard to WIN the vote as they do to SUPPRESS the vote.
Thank you Jackie McMichael.
Thank you. 
I like to say Sarah Cooper is the Sarah Cooper of comedy.
Thank you. 
You’re a good Twitter follow as well.
Mask not what your country. 
can do for you. 
Mask is what you can do for your country.
I love this. Thanks for sharing. 
This election is all about our climate crises:
-  a climate of fear
-  a climate of injustice
-  a climate of ignorance
-  a climate of cruelty
- and encompassing all, the physical climate of our fragile home that teeters on the brink of catastrophe.
This rhetoric sounds more like the Bay of Pigs. 
This is deadly, deadly serious. 
The least racist person in the room.
There are 11 days to the election. 
And guess what. 
Hank Williams had 11 number one country hits. 
We're going to count them down. 
Today, it's Lovesick Blues. 
I close my eyes, listen, and a smile crosses my face. 
So many memories. 
Happy Friday!
Bibi reading the polls. 
And Donald Trump having the look of a sidekick being told he may not be invited to the party.
A huge thank you to all of you as we wrap up our first #WhatUnitesUs Indie Bookstore Challenge. 
We've got a last bit of business - a few copies remaining at @BookPassage. 
Please help this great local business by clearing their shelves. You can order here: https://t.co/Rf0Ic70o8Q?amp=1
This all makes a lot of sense when you realize COVID-19 isn’t a problem outside of Earth. 
Oh, and “Waiting for Infrustructure Week” gets renewed. Yay.
It's the LAST DAY of the #WhatUnitesUs Indie Bookstore Challenge. 
Thank you all for your support. 
We have a great one: @BookPassage in the Bay Area. 
They have 24 copies. 
Please, let's finish the week by quickly emptying their shelves. 
Buy your copy here: https://bookpassage.com/book/9781616209940
That’s an analogy win.
A tip of the Stetson to Kristen Welker. 
A consummate pro on a big and difficult stage.
This was not the Donald Trump of the last debate. 
That’s a win for him, as far as that goes. 
But there is substance and there is style. 
When it's distilled to soundbites, will something pop? 
What matters? 
What might move votes? 
I suspect little.
For those who are tempted to analyze the “tone” of the debate, a hint: Just because you're not yelling, doesn't mean what you're saying is true.
I know more about wind (I think he means hot air).
Climate change: Now is the time in the evening when we “debate” about the factual equivalent of the Earth orbiting the Sun.
It’s amazing how many of Donald Trump’s questions can be answered by the name Mitch McConnell.
Facts are pesky. 
It’s important to remember that tens of millions of Americans have already voted.
Now is the time of the debate when we get into the Fox News alternate universe talking points and most Americans are scratching their heads with no idea of what Donald Trump is talking about.
When you tone down the "act," and keep the lies, I suspect many Americans who have made up their minds might have turned the channel. 
Are you watching?
None of this gets any less surreal. Or less sad.
We wrap up tomorrow (spoiler, not in Colorado). 
We are looking for future indie bookstore challenges but haven't set anything up yet.
You gotta give @PeteButtigieg credit. 
He knows how to break through the truth bubble on Fox News. 
I’m sort of surprised they keep having him on.
You're as likely to see the Republican health care plan as you are to see a giraffe saunter through the Arctic. 
Rip Van Winkle can wake up and it will still be two weeks away.
I'm most excited about "Where it's going to go!" 
Thank you.
Hi Twitterverse, we're in Day 4 of our #WhatUnitesUs "Indie Bookstore Challenge." 
We still have a few copies at @AndersonsBkshp. Here's a picture of them on the shelves. 
Let's show some love to this GREAT local business and sell out. 
Order your books here: https://andersonsbookshop.com/book/9781616209940
This sounds like a heckuva closing argument.
It's Day 4 of the #WhatUnitesUs "Indie Bookstore Challenge." 
We're at @AndersonsBkshp in lovely Naperville, IL. 
They've got 24 copies of the paperback In stock. You know the drill. 
Let's support this local business by clearing their shelves. 
Buy It here:
It's Day 4 of the #WhatUnitesUs "Indie Bookstore Challenge." 
We're at @AndersonsBkshop in lovely Naperville, IL. 
They've got 24 copies of the paperback In stock. 
You know the drill. Let's support this local business by clearing their shelves. 
Buy It here: https://andersonsbookshop.com/book/9781616209940
A very interesting perspective... 
A beautiful change of pace on Twitter. 
And a worthy follow @patrickdextervc for music from a breathtaking setting. 
Watching the World Series. 
I am thinking I wish there was a way to put the shift on for American democracy.
I don’t know Josh, seems like many people are recommending a book called #WhatUnitesUs by some upstart reporter. 
Not all authors have the R.N.C. buying books to pump sales. 
News that #WhatUnitesUs is on the NY Times bestsellers list is thanks to all of YOU. 
With humility and gratitude.
P.S. #vote #WhatUnitesUs 
Thank you @PorterSqBooks for your enthusiasm around our #WhatUnitesUs 
Indie Bookstore challenge! 
After two days on the coasts, we head into the American heartland for Day 4 of the challenge.
So stay tuned...
So much of the injustices of America, past and present, are found in the intersection of race and the vote.
It's Day 3 of our #WhatUnitesUs "indie bookstore challenge." 
We're in venerable Cambridge, MA and the wonderful @PorterSqBooks. 
They have 24 copies of the paperback In stock. 
Let's support a great local business by clearing them out. 
Buy your copy now: https://portersquarebooks.com/book/9781616209940
Happy to retweet. 
Glad you enjoyed the book. 
#Steady 
Your old 1-6-3 groundout to end Game 1.  
It feels good watching a World Series.
Can Tampa Bay rally?
A national shame. 
There must be accountability for this horror. 
Here's a picture of #WhatUnitesUs on the @eagleeyebooks store shelves!
Ok Twitterverse. 
It’s Day 1 of our #WhatUnitesUs indie bookstore challenge. (See below). 
First up: @EagleEyeBooks in Decatur, GA. 
They’ve got 24 copies of the WHAT UNITES US paperback. 
How quickly can we make those disappear? 
Buy your copy now here: https://eagleeyebooks.com/searchbysubject/index?subject=what%20unites%20us
So let me get this right. 
The closing argument from the Trump campaign is Joe Biden is a Mr. Rogers who will listen to the scientists on COVID?
Harrowing. 
Rebuilding and revitalizing our democracy has to include ideas for buttressing real news at the local level. 
Robust local journalism and not propaganda must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.
Congratulations to the Dodgers edging out the talented Braves in a heckuva Game 7. 
Since I had no rooting interest I could sit in awe at the beauty of this beautiful game.
I love baseball. 
Somehow watching a Game 7 allows for a deep breath and a belief things will work out.
#WhatUnitesUs 
Perhaps “doom scrolling” was more satisfying when the scrolls were made of parchment. 
At least you ran out of something to scroll.
I suspect if Washington DC was a Republican stronghold Mitch McConnell would long ago have made it a state with pious history lessons about “taxation without representation. “
Thank you for sharing this passage. 
It is how we hoped to frame the book. 
How odd to reflect that the rhythm of frequent air travel seems to now exist in a parallel universe.
I want to live in a country where decency, honesty, competency, and empathy trump partisanship.
It’s tempting to use the analogy of rats fleeing a sinking ship to describe the growing number of Republican elected officials starting to speak out against Donald Trump. 
But that's really not fair to rats, who tend not to be complicit in driving ships to the bottom of the sea.
I will leave it to others to answer. 
My hope is it steadies one for  challenges present and future.
I'm excited many of you are discovering my book #WhatUnitesUs. 
I'm going to try something next week. 
Each day, I'll highlight a different independent bookstore. The goal will be to support these important businesses by selling the few dozen copies they will have in stock.
How do I owe to thee? 
Let me count the ways. 
Apparently Donald Trump saw the ratings for the competing town halls and he’s now paging Sean Spicer to set the record straight.
Well, it turns out that Donald Trump was on more NETWORKS, but Biden still had more VIEWERS. 
I know how the president is too busy running the country and protecting us from COVID to worry about ratings, so he might have missed the news.
I want to highlight a new film by my former colleague and long-time friend @andrewglazer. 
BAD HOMBRES is a story of commonality and the power of sports to unite us.
Nice! 
Voting and books are both big parts of #WhatUnitesUs. 
A remarkable moment from the past where decency and hope won out on Capitol Hill. 
Courtesy of Mr. Rogers. Definitely worth watching.
California to Donald Trump: don’t let the Golden Gate hit you on the way out.
I’m confused. 
Has Donald Trump been vowing to make suburban neighborhoods safe from Mr. Rogers?
Are you watching? 
If so, whom? 
And what do you think?
This shade is as warranted as an umbrella on a hot summer day at the beach. 
And @ConanOBrien, I'm here for it. 
Some of you have asked if there is a graphic novel version of #WhatUnitesUs coming out. 
Indeed there is, this February. 
I must confess, it's a first for me. 
You can find a sneak peak of what it looks like here.
Here's an option to support local booksellers: https://t.co/Ic87cuMTvV
I agree with all who advocate supporting local bookstores. They are a big part of #WhatUnitesUs. 
If you can't shop directly, a great way to support independent booksellers is through @Bookshop_Org (link here)
I've heard from many of you that my book WHAT UNITES US was out on backorder on Amazon. 
For those of you who buy your books there, it seems to be back in stock. 
Thank you for your interest and support. 
#WhatUnitesUs
It’s like one of those games of “one of these things is not like the others.” 
But thank you for a morning chuckle. 
Hope you enjoy the book.
In a race to be President of the United States only one candidate sees a nation of states; united. Amazing.
Majestic to behold.
If you want to be an “originalist” in law, maybe you should go all the way. 
Cooking on a hearth. 
Leeches for medicine. 
An old mule for transportation. 
Or maybe you can recognize that the world changes.
Please pause, watch, and share this video. 
Look into their eyes, once full of life, and let’s reflect on what we have lost and continue to lose. 
Heart wrenching as it may be. 
This is our reality and they deserve our notice and remembrance.
Whole lotta votin’ goin’ on.
There is no bottom to how low he will go. 
But the projector is clearly in whatever serves as the basement. 
Oh, and way to alienate a dedicated voting block.
After seeing video of Donald Trump dancing, I wonder what’s going through his mind. 
Is he thinking Dancing with the Stars, or is he worried about Dancing Behind Bars?
At tonight’s rally in Pennsylvania: 
"Suburban women, will you please like me?" 
Donald Trump pleaded with the crowd. 
"I saved your damn neighborhood." 
Not exactly Mr. Rogers.
Is something funny? 
The abortion debate often has a sweeping narrative, but it really is about countless heart-wrenching and sometimes life-and-death decisions. 
Gary Peters, a Michigan senator in a tough re-election fight, decided to go public with his story.
Waiting in line for hours to vote should be considered less a story on voter enthusiasm and more a story on voter suppression. 
No one should have to wait hours to vote.
Small in stature. 
Big in heart. 
One of the greats. 
There’s a hole now at second base. 
Let’s just say this is Dr. Fauci seeming far less than happy.
Seeing Donald Trump attack New York, California, and Illinois this morning reminds me of a guy who can’t get a date to the prom even thous his dad will let him borrow the BMW.
Not sure how the stock market going up as investors bake in Trump’s poll numbers plummeting is a case that the president should be using for his re-election.
Thank you
This is one stat where the White House is winning big time @kenjeong - and they’re probably tired of all the winning.
Congratulations to LeBron James and the Lakers. 
A title different in many ways from anything we’ve seen. 
Also a shout out to the Heat for a hard fought series. 
No matter the circumstances, we saw the hearts of champions.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
We’re taking the quarantine very seriously in our household and sometimes focus on what we’re missing. 
But to spend a gorgeous twilight on a balcony with a glass of wine and conversation with loved ones is to humbly count my blessings.
No bot here. 😀 
Also it would be helpful if people use the #HumanNatureFilm hashtag. 😀 
To the leaders of the present and future: 
Your voices are urgent and powerful. 
The world needs to listen. 
I know you are speaking! 
#DayOfTheGirl
Doesn’t everybody wear t-shirts under their button-downs just in case? 
My favorite is the tuxedo t-shirt, so you’re always ready for black tie.
Can we at least recognize that “Court Packing” at all levels of the judiciary has been the Republican playbook for decades? 
Asking for Merrick Garland.
Maybe someone should tell the Taliban that it’s unclear how much impact endorsements have in a presidential race.
A few years back, I had the honor of interviewing Jennifer Doudna, who was just awarded A Nobel Prize! 
It was an eye-opening, wide-ranging conversation that led to our documentary HUMAN NATURE, now on @netflix. 
Our original discussion can be found here:
Flipping back and forth between two Texas teams. Despite any rivalries I pull hard for both.
Thank you for the kinds words and I am glad you found #WhatUnitesUs to be relevant and inspiring. 
My hope in writing the book was to encourage dialogue, action, and for others to add their voices and perspectives to our national story. #Steady
I shared this earlier. 
Hope it helps. 
Thank you for your interest. 
If you want any more evidence of how Donald Trump didn’t want to run against Joe Biden, check out all the effort he and his surrogates are putting into running against Hillary Clinton again in 2020.
A tip of the stetson to my friend @DBtodomundo and his team at @RTB_Cheerful on the launch of a new journalism  project. 
A reason for optimism during this uncertain time. 
#WeAreNotDivided 
#WhatUnitesUs
I hear the train a comin'
It's rollin' 'round the bend
And I ain't seen the sunshine
Since, I don't know when...
I'm thrilled so many of you want to read WHAT UNITES US. 
I know it's difficult getting copies of the paperback at the moment. 
We're working on it. 
A great option is @Bookshop_Org. 
Added bonus, your purchase helps support local bookstores. 
#WhatUnitesUs.
Thank you for your interest. 
I clicked on the picture and it looks like a seascape in the distance. 
Is #WhatUnitesUs now beach reading? 
Wonders will never cease.
I’ve covered Democratic and Republican presidents.
There were norms, even when they were pushed and stretched. 
What we are witnessing today is unlike anything we have seen before. 
And the press should frame it accordingly.
Can you name another job that Donald Trump would continue to hold after exhibiting this type of unhinged public behavior other than President of the United States with the support of craven and complicit Congressional Republicans?
We are navigating uncharted waters, in almost every way imaginable...
Donald Trump’s antics are so sad and unhinged that they might have even been disqualifying for a sstint as a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice.
The FBI heroically takes down a domestic terrorist cell seeking to kidnap the Michigan governor. 
Has the president said anything about it?
A potent point.
For those who may be interested, some of my extended thoughts on journalism in our current age. 
Fly. Bye.
If you came in favoring one candidate or the other, I doubt your vote was changed. 
And that’s likely trouble for the Trump campaign. As political theater, it was mildly interesting. 
But if you were looking for a breakout or something new, you’re likely disappointed.
It’s no surprise that the VP wants to duck the climate change crisis. 
So much gaslighting.
“Thank you VP Pence,” may not be the best approach for a moderator to cut off a man running amok with a blatant disregard for the debate rules.
I don’t think VP Pence’s mansplaining and over-talking is doing a lot to narrow the gender gap, unless it is also turning off more men as well.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan is rolling in his grave as VP Pence uses his quote in the service of lies.
The generations of the future will be gobsmacked that we are “debating” climate change. 
Many of us are gobsmacked.
And yes, I’m using gobsmacked, and I stand by that decision.
Pence regularly rolls over his time. Need to enforce rules.
Did Pence just say “stop playing politics with people’s lives?” 
Millions of Americans choke on whatever they’re eating. Irony has no place on a VP debate stage.
With all due respect, I prefer my fairy tales from Hans Christian Andersen more than VP Pence.
VP Pence having the political equivalence of arguing why the Washington Generals are winning.
Senator Harris not holding back right out of the gate - speaking right into the camera, right into the living rooms of America
Tonight, I expect civility in tone, but a chasm on substance the equivalent of the Grant Canyon.
If Donald Trump still had Michael Cohen working for him today, he would probably send him on a hush money mission to the pollsters at Rasmussen.
So a lot of White House staffers are worried the recklessness of the president will hurt them? 
Welcome to what millions of Americans have been feeling for years.
I hope we can get to a point where the gender of scientists doesn't lead the headlines. 
Yes, women do science. 
They also win Nobel Prizes!!!!! 
#WomenInSTEM
For all of you who woke up worried to see my name trending, thank you for your concern.
I’m still here with all of you fighting for the decency and justice of our democracy in a spirit of #WhatUnitesUs.
Steady!
Hi Pennsylvania voters - #KnowTheVote
Nothing to feel guilty about.
Hope you enjoy it.
Thanks.
Covid motorcades, signing blank papers, and tear gas walks to a church: the tragedy of Donald Trump’s photo ops.
For those who may still want to get WHAT UNITES US at the special $1.99 e-book price, the deal will end soon.
Thank you all for the interest and the comments.
I especially appreciate when you highlight passages you find particularly resonant.
#WhatUnitesUs
Nothing says "I work hard" to America more than signing blank sheets of paper.
But the real question is whether it was the same "magical Sharpie" the president uses for his hurricane forecasting.
Was a pleasure to be on @amjoyshow today.
@MariaTeresa1 did a wonderful job filling in as this weekend’s host.
A nuanced piece of journalism by @RobertKlemko and @GregJaffe.
Context and perspective beyond simplistic headlines and tweets.
More of this please.
Few sights strike deeper into my marrow about the sadness of our times than an empty playground where children should be spending a beautiful afternoon laughing,  hugging, shouting, giggling and playing tag.
They will be full again.
I think some of the apparatchiks who issued Kremlin statements during the Cold War would blush at the liberties this White House takes with the truth.
ll those who are going to want to talk about the president’s “new tone” should save their energy and just retweet or use what they said similarly from earlier in his presidency.
Thank you.
We are very proud of our #HumanNatureFilm .
I would love to hear what others think of it as well.
Science, the what and how of it, is more important than ever.
Few have so dominated the real estate at 60 feet 6 inches.
Rest In Peace Bob Gibson.
One of the all-time greats.
Apparently the land of make believe about COVID turns out to be... make believe.
Who knew?
Just everyone paying attention to the truth.
On a day of crazy like today, nothing beats listening to Dolly, Loretta, Hank, Waylon, Merle, and Willie.
I have seen a lot in my lifetime.
But for those who have asked, no I have never seen anything quite like this.
No one has.
I would suggest this is well beyond the ability of most reporters’ power of imagination.
If they can’t keep the White House as safe as the NBA playoffs, how should we trust them to keep the country safe?
One possible explanation for what we are seeing is that Donald Trump hoped he would not have symptoms and thus could keep his COVID diagnosis a secret.
But who knows in a White House with no credibility.
May I suggest a great weekend viewing?
So excited that our documentary #HumanNatureFilm is now streaming on @netflix.
You stay classy, San Diego.
What we don’t know is a lot more than what we do know.
And we have an administration that long ago squandered its credibility.
All coverage of this crisis should keep these truths in mind for context.
The president’s health is not purely his own.
It is intertwined with the health and security of the nation.
All who serve the office should also have this reality in mind.
The arts, especially now, must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs.
This virus is real.
It is contagious.
It is deadly.
Wear a mask.
Social distance.
Wash your hands.
Don’t be an idiot.
No one has any idea where this story goes from here.
In the next hours, let alone days or weeks.
I pray for everyone’s health and for the strength and stability of our county in a time of deep turmoil.
I strongly believe we will forge on into a better future.
I hope you liked it enough to continue to Page 2 :)
October surprises will hereafter need to be sorted by date and which episode of the Twilight Zone they most resemble.
Good night Twitter.
Can’t wait to see what insanity and inanity tomorrow will beget.
(Actually I can)
Some things you do in life fill you with a deep pride.
Our documentary #HumanNatureFilm is one of those.
It's about #CRISPR, a science revolution that gives humans  the potential to control our own evolution.
Wow! Please check it out and share with others.
#1 in the entirety of the Kindle store brings a special source of pride because it means people are hopefully going to read what I wrote.
By the way, the $1.99 special price is still available here.
Thank you all.
#WhatUnitesUs
When it comes to covering this administration, I’m in no mood to play charades.
This is outrageous!
Every Texan should have the ability to have their votes cast and counted as safely and conveniently as possible.
Life is a journey, one if you're lucky with many chapters.
Few people have moved through life with the grace of Jimmy Carter, turning 96 today.
Happy Birthday to an indefatigable spirit of optimism, energy, and a belief in the decency of his fellow citizens and global community.
Now #4 on the Kindle charts...
I feel a bit like The Beatles?
Thank you all!
When you write a book, you hope it's read.
#WhatUnitesUs
Wow.
Thank you all for skyrocketing the Kindle version of #WhatUnitesUs to #7 in the sales ranking with the $1.99 special price.
(Dreaming of a #1 ranking, as all authors do 😀)
Who doesn't like a deal?
There's a special on ebook versions of #WhatUnitesUs.
$1.99!
Apparently if enough go out the e-door, algorithms will think it's a book people should hear about.
Shameless self-promotion?
Guilty as charged, but hey it's my Twitter.
I just checked and yes more than 24 hours later the dumpster is still on fire.
I am troubled with the line of reporting that Republicans are “distancing” themselves from the president’s racist comments.
Words, as we have seen, are cheap.
Actions, and policy, are what matters.
It's hard to come to grips with a president who embodies the ugliness of the American story.
White supremacy, economic injustice, and entitlement have always lived alongside this nation's most noble ideals.
Perhaps the United States can now reckon with its demons.
They should remain anonymous lest they get a call from the president about a great real estate deal they can invest with him in Azerbaijan.
The more what took place last night sinks in, the more it is clear that Donald Trump is worried about winning this election and his answer is to stoke violent white supremacism and delegitimize the democratic process.
A little bit of nature's beauty for this morning...
There will be an election.
And then there will be a future.
No president is bigger than the nation.
The American people have a voice.
And after tonight, I sense millions are eager to turn their yelling at the television into marking their ballots.
We know bullies.
We know when racists refuse to denounce racism.
We know when autocrats try to undermine democracy.
We need to dig deep into our moral character.
We need to look at ourselves in the mirror and into the hearts of our neighbors and fellow citizens.
We need to embrace a patriotism that is broad, inclusive, and just.
I don't want to hear from the pundits, I want to hear from the people.
I want to hug all of you in a warm embrace and say, we can, we must be a helluva lot better than this.
Who won and lost tonight in a horse race sense, I don't even want to address.
Frankly, I don't give a damn.
This was a sad, sad, sad night for this nation that I love with all my heart.
This is a moment to mourn what we have lost, and are in danger of losing.
America is hurting, really hurting.
Thousands of people are dying every week.
Jobs lost.
Lives thrown asunder.
The West on fire.
Our international standing at the lowest point I can remember.
We need leadership.
We need empathy.
We need unity.
We need justice.
We need hope.
I have seen a lot in my 60-plus years as a reporter.
But I have never seen anything quite like what took place tonight.
Instead of having answers at this point, I am left with one question: Really???
Scariest line all night: “To be continued...”
All across America, people are ready to take a shower.
Why do we always come here 
I guess we'll never know 
It's like a kind of torture 
To have to watch the show
More horrific wildfires in California.
My thoughts are with those evacuating and the brave women and men fighting to keep people and property safe.
We cannot afford to ignore the climate crisis.
“Oh, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practise to deceive!”
I can see the allure for Donald Trump of living in a rent free house.
But I’m not sure what his landlords think of the arrangement.
We will know soon enough.
A Potemkin President.
It appears that the real definition of “hoax” is the “business mogul” America saw on The Apprentice.
Bombshell.
Any time a great American city breaks ground on a big new park is a day to celebrate.
It’s a vote of confidence in the future.
#WhatUnitesUs 
If you haven’t seen this, there is a reason why this is getting a lot of attention.
You don’t suddenly become a normal president just because you make a Supreme Court nomination.
So many actions by Trump are marinated in the lies, corruption, and incitement of hatred that define his administration.
And this must be a feature of news coverage on days like today.
I sense a heckuva lot of people are pretty darned committed to voting.
#WhatUnitesUs
I humbly submit this for any who wish to read more about what I have to say.
My conversation with @rhdagostino.
Donald Trump has a long history of throwing his name on things others have built.
It looks like he’s trying to do that now to Obamacare.
Donald Trump’s health care “plan” has less meat than a vegan thanksgiving.
Donald Trump doesn’t seem to understand that the purpose of a coronavirus vaccine is not to inoculate the electorate from his unfitness for office.
It’s about the health and safety of the American people, something he is supposed to protect and defend.
#KnowTheVote 
Inspiring.
Harold Evans was a superb journalist and editor .
He consistently inspired many of us to try for and maintain high standards.
He will be missed.
This strikes me as puzzling and troubling.
He is not joking.
He doesn’t joke.
And those who say he is joking know this very well.
This is where we are.
Will any Republican stand up?
When you govern based on facts and science.
A tough, fair interview.
A master class in how to ask questions and demand answers.
Important context from @ezraklein.
Already the number goes higher.
Imagine the empty seats at Thanksgiving dinners.
The missed graduations and basketball games.
The grandchildren never met.
The parent not at a child's weddings.
So much loss.
So much sadness.
So much of it unnecessary.
I weep, and I pray.
I think most Americans know when they are being mugged of their democracy.
If presidential debates don't put the climate crises front and center, they will ignore one of the gravest threats to the health and security of the United States.
If I were Joe Biden, I'd make a point of saying this.
It’s right on the policy, and I suspect right on the politics.
Don’t throw away your shot, to have your voice heard on Election Day.
What was it again about that swamp being “drained?” 
In my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I want to hear your thoughts. 
What does Ruth Bader Ginsburg's legacy mean to you? 
What would you like to see happen to her seat on the Supreme Court?
Dial 844-305-2639 at 10:15am ET and let's talk 
#DanRathersAmerica 
Dear PENNSYLVANIA voters,
VOTING “NAKED” is no laughing matter.
It might be the difference in the election.
Please read and share this information.
#KnowTheVote 
Few things are more inspiring and hopeful than the energy and determination of student journalists.
The country needs you and we are indebted to you.