I am currently trying to convince my wife that we should order popeyes
adding to my “to try” list for sure
I'm here for this energy
Shout out to everyone having chicken instead of turkey this Thanksgiving. 
This is how it was meant to be.
hugeeeeee congrats, Ruha!
this is the best news to start the week
thanks so much, Lisa!
appreciate you man
🙏🏾
right?! I only think I fully get it now
The Fresh Prince reunion episode really reminded me how central that show was for me coming up. 
So many memories. 
And at the end when the original Aunt Viv and the replacement Aunt Viv met *for the first time* and hugged each other I was about to turn into a puddle on the floor.
MLS playoffs are bananas
I wrote about how in 1864, Lincoln thought he might lose reelection, which could have led incoming Democrats to seek a peace treaty w/the Confederacy potentially keeping slavery in place for years to come. 
Luckily it didn’t come to that, but it could have.
I’m excited for her to read!
Also gotta say when I was a kid watching this I definitely was not hip to the commentary on racism/bigotry/otherness. 
When Cera’s dad wouldn’t let her play with Littlefoot because “three horns don’t play with long necks” I was like ohhh snap. 
Didn’t catch that back in 1994
just seeing that Tree Star again had me in my feelings
lowkey best character in the movie
Also Spike really held it down for the crew. 
My man didn’t say anything the whole movie but saved everybody’s life on multiple occasions and all he wanted in return was some leaves to eat. 
We love a humble stegosaurus king.
I am watching the original THE LAND BEFORE TIME movie for the first time in maybe twenty years and am deeply overwhelmed with nostalgia. 
Shout out to Little Foot. 
The hero we all needed.
Kyle’s poem is so good and so important. 
You should read it.
if only someone were writing a book on the subject 👀
There will never be a day when the death penalty is anything other than  utterly cruel and barbaric.
But this execution is made particularly horrific by the fact that Orlando Hall is the first person to be executed by a lame-duck administration in over one hundred years.
Well played
the more em dashes the better don't let anyone tell you differently
Really enjoyed this conversation. 
Over 1,500 people remain incarcerated in Louisiana because of non-unanimous jury convictions despite it having been deemed unconstitutional. 
It’s unacceptable. 
Grateful for the work of those trying to change it and bring those folks home.
Folks aren't ready for this one. 
Go ahead and click that pre-order button ASAP.
Looking forward to this event today at 1pm EST with @JusticesPromise discussing how over 1,500 people in Louisiana are still in prison because of non-unanimous jury convictions, a relic of Jim Crow.  
Event is free. 
Register below.
I can’t stop thinking about this video. 
Our government has failed on such a profound level. 
Just has outright failed millions and millions of people in ways we won’t even fully understand for years to come.
We've got to keep saying it every day, that fact that millions of people in this country live in poverty is a political choice and our government can make a different set of choices so that this is no longer the case.
“19th-century American politics were shaped as much by Black resistance to enslavement as by the institution of slavery itself.”
congrats, Rebecca!
Grateful for the men who are rejecting narrow conceptions of masculinity, who are constantly working to unlearn the way patriarchy has clouded how we walk through the world, who are committed to teaching their sons freer, more expansive lessons about what it means to be a man.
👀
Can't say enough good things about this book. 
we are very very lucky to have you
I laughed out loud this is great
Will check it out. 
Thanks!
and I mean who among us would not love to discover the next Pachycephalosaurus but I also have to convey to him that we should not begin extensive excavation projects in our neighbor’s front yard
Something I find very cool is how paleontologists are literally discovering new dinosaurs all the time, a fact that has instilled in my 3yo the sense that at any moment he’ll discover a new dinosaur fossil which is delightful but also significantly slows down any walk to the park
Trying not to step on the loud part of the floor at night so my kids don't wake up 
thanks!
Thanks so much to everyone who has pre-ordered the book so far and special thanks to folks who have ordered from Black owned independent bookstores. 
Let’s keep supporting them.
Shout out to generous parental leave policies.
very much looking forward to this
look at that pace!
😂
12-year-old Clint could have never imagined seeing this many Black players on the US National team. 
Amazing to see.
Ever
Sergiño Dest is very good.
Excited to finally see these kids plays together. 
Good thread on the Harvard affirmative action case. 
great news!
wait wait wait this song is sung by a white woman?!?! 
wow im shook
I think often of Baldwin’s 1963 essay “A Talk To Teachers” where he says teachers must help Black children understand that *they* are not criminal, but that the *society* that created the conditions they were born into is the criminal. 
It’s the same today.
starting this today!
it’s really great. 
thanks for writing it!
Just finished LEAVE THE WORLD BEHIND by @Rumaan. 
A beautifully written and utterly fascinating novel that rejects any easy categorization. 
It's sort of a thriller, but it's also a really compelling meditation on how humans behave when we realize we're not in control. 
Great book.
I still believe in his long term project yea
Well when you put it that way...
thanks for having me!
they’re completely shameless 
Congrats to the legend!
of course!
Consider making a donation to your local food bank if you're able. 
Millions of people and families need our help right now. 
Share where you donated in the link below. 
Six percent of the *entire* prison has died from covid. 
Just devastating.
“Unity is great, but freedom is better. 
There’s a part of this population that has sacrificed their freedom time and time again for unity, and they’re tired of it...so if you’re asking us to come together, and that means my world doesn’t change…
I don’t want that kind of unity.”
congrats, errin!
congrats, karen!
Well that was embarrassing 
Something important that this incoming administration The Trump administration started carrying out the first federal executions in almost 20 years. 
All scheduled federal executions should be stopped. 
The death penalty should be abolished.
nonstop lmao
lol I was like damn when did fireworks become so advanced!
😂
Ah okay they’re drones. 
Got it.
Black family group chats everywhere blowing up.
Damn I can’t even lie I didn’t know fireworks could do this
Indeed he is
This is so important to so many. 
I so wish John Lewis could have seen this.
So many people worked so hard for this to happen. 
So many people whose names aren’t in the spotlight but whose persistent work in their communities, in their cities, and in their states made this possible. 
Their work doesn’t end now, it always continues. 
I’m grateful for them.
I’m just trying to be like him
💯
Well cotdamn
Over the past few years I've spoken to many older Black folks who lived through the Civil Rights Movement, time & time again they told me how they couldn't wait until November 2020 so they could vote this man out & protect what had been gained in the 60s. Thinking of them today.
congrats, jane!
Can’t stop thinking about how different all of this would feel if these states had been allowed to start counting mail-in ballots weeks ago.
It says a lot about Stacey Abrams that her first tweet after Georgia turns blue is to shout out the other organizers and people who helped make it happen.
 damn son so you’re an oracle now
happy birthday, zoé!
I don’t know about you all, but I’m a big Joe Willock fan. And he’s still so young.
Watching all of this unfold in places like Philly, Detroit, and Atlanta, I just can't stop thinking about the decades, really the centuries, of pathology surrounding Black ppl and the vote. 
The way Black folks have been scapegoated & maligned, but continue to come through anyway.
This tweet deserves a Pulitzer
John Lewis reaching down to guide things over the finish line
“The Black vote in Detroit is the highest it’s ever been, and we will determine the outcome, because we’ve gone from picking cotton to picking presidents.”
I'm thinking especially of the young activists and organizers of color who have spent years knocking on doors, politically educating their communities, petitioning, protesting and everything else that happens when there is no spotlight on you, but that makes real change possible.
There are going to be a lot of different narratives in the comings days, weeks, and years about this election, but what I know for sure is that things would look very different (much worse) if it wasn't for those who've committed their entire lives to organizing around justice.
I'm really grateful for the work of organizers across the country who fight—not just during election cycles but every single day—for restorative instead of punitive justice, for higher wages, for health care, & whose work continues to make a profound difference in people's lives.
When you cast your ballot today, remember the millions of incarcerated people who can’t.
Thinking of all the parents doing their best to explain all of this to their kids. 
And who have spent the past four years trying to explain all sorts of things that they wish they didn’t have to.
It’s kind of amazing that I didn’t become a Manchester United fan because I loved watching Andy Cole and Dwight Yorke play together so much
thank you!
grateful to you and your work for helping make it possible
thanks so much, valeria
thank you, Claire!
thank you so much, Andrea
appreciate you so much, mo
Rewatching THE NEWSROOM and whew these depictions of romantic workplace interactions did not age well.
Stunning poem from @theferocity. 
This is a really important resource. 
Please take the time to read.
but you’re saying...there’s a chance
Elneny has been nothing but extremely solid for us this season. 
Very glad to have him in the team.
fair enough lol, I also completely forgot Martins played for Birmingham
very true
he was massive today
young koscielny was pretty solid I think
can’t even remember the last time I had it
BIG WIN BABYYYYYYYYY
You love to see it
I want Marcus Rashford to be successful in every part of his life except for this game.
I’m seeing that as well
yea he’s been underwhelming so far
I just feel so comfortable/confident/relieved when Thomas Partey has the ball.
😂
Shout out to Grandma Gladys
Oh nice! 
well at least you’re not a Tottenham supporter because then I’d have to reevaluate some things
gotta admit I’ve never tried this before. 
and I’d say it’s fair to put watermelon in the top 3 but not sure I can put it over cherry or green apple
😂
wow I didn’t know you were a Chelsea supporter, things looking different in the light
cherry is best, the blue one might be the only one I’m actually not a fan of
can’t lose with either of them
they are *chef’s kiss*
Jolly Ranchers are the best candy. 
That is all.
he’s fantastic
Thanks, Jean. 
I think of you and your class often. 
Hope you’re well
😭😭😭
I believe that we’ll get there, I believe it’s going to happen. 
It’s not a question of if, but when.
In this deeply important election there are millions of incarcerated people who are unable to vote. 
As Abd’Allah Lateef, who was incarcerated for more than 30 years and who I spoke to for this piece says, that’s not just a loss for people in prison, that’s a loss for all of us.
The movement on this issue is due largely to the work of incarcerated ppl, formerly incarcerated ppl, and their families. 
And Bernie Sanders deserves a lot of credit for making this a part of his campaign platform and for standing by it when no other Democratic candidates would.
But more than anything, people in prison should be able to vote because as Justice Warren wrote in 1958, “Citizenship is not a right that expires upon misbehavior.” 
Someone’s ability to vote should not be contingent on whether they fall asleep in a house or on a cell block.
People in prison are still part of communities. 
They should be able to vote on the school board in their kids’ districts; for the city-council members who shape which social services are prioritized in their neighborhoods; for the ppl who will help their parents get health care.
Our prison systemic systemically and disproportionately locks up poor people and people of color. 
As I said in the tweet that ultimately led me to write this piece, a system cannot be systemically unjust and then used as the justification to take away someone’s vote.
The bodies of people in prisons are counted in the design of our political infrastructure, but their voices are not. 
Predominantly white towns have their population numbers artificially expanded because of the the disproportionately Black and Latino people incarcerated there.
I wrote about why people in prison should be able to vote. 
Yoooo love V! 
Tell her I say hey
thanks, Le Anne!
Thinking of everyone back home.
that’s incredibly kind of you. 
thanks so much!
You cannot in one breath say that the system of mass incarceration is systemically broken and unjust, and then in the next breath use the existence of that same system to justify keeping the millions of people inside of it disenfranchised. 
You don't get to have it both ways.
People who are incarcerated should still be able to vote. 
A big reason people think otherwise is bc of decades, really centuries, of fear-mongering that connects carcerality to blackness & blackness to undeservedness.
Their disenfranchisement should not be accepted as a given.
The closer we get to election day, the more upset I get that  millions of incarcerated ppl can't participate. 
It's absurd that so many *formerly* incarcerated ppl can't vote, but there's also nothing about being *currently* incarcerated that means your vote should be taken away.
@priaribi thank you so much, priyanka. 
Miss the crooked team
Appreciate it, Cort. 
Was a journey to get there but we got there
This means so much coming from you. 
Thank you
thank you so much, Martha!
appreciate it man!
Much appreciated, Kevin!
Thanks, Amanda!
thanks so much fam
thanks, Eddie!
haha appreciate you
Thank you, Megha! 
I really appreciate it
Paging @littlebrown
Irma! Thank you so much
Thank you man! 
I can’t wait for yours
appreciate you man
Ashley! Im so excited that our books gets to be born on the same day. 
Let’s please please do an event together
thank you so much, Michele! I really appreciate that
Thank you, Soraya!
amazing, thanks so much
Thank you so much, Ebony. 
And thank you Mariame for sharing
thanks so much, Austin!
Thanks, Chris!
Thank you for ordering, Zoe!
thanks so much!
Thanks, Vivian! 
Have really appreciated all your advice and encouragement during this process
kasey, thank you so much man. 
I’m excited to finally be at this part of the journey
thank you so much
there will be and the current plan js that I’ll be reading it
appreciate it, Carlos!
YOU UP NEXT!
that’s incredibly generous of you to say, Crisitin. 
Thank you!
thanks, José!
thanks so much, Lisa!
thanks, Derek!
thank you, Rebecca! 
I can’t wait to read yours. 
It’s preordered and everything
JONNY LOOK AT US WE’RE WRITERS
appreciate you, Errin!
appreciate you man, you were there when it was just an idea over breakfast. 
can’t wait for your next one
Your work was really helpful in this project! 
I have a chapter in Galveston and your scholarship proved indispensable.
Oh! And consider ordering from your local independent bookstore. 
They need our help more than ever.
That’s the plan!
So I decided to explore how this happened not only in my city, but across the country. 
I learned so much and I can’t wait to share it with you all.
Pre-ordering makes a big difference with these things, so if you can it would mean a whole lot if you did. 
I appreciate it so much.
This book began after watching the major Confederate monuments come down in my hometown of New Orleans in 2017 and realizing I had grown up in a city where there had been more homages to enslavers than to enslaved people. 
I wanted to understand how something like that happened.
I worked harder on this than anything I’ve ever done. 
Traveled across the country (and an ocean) to try and understand how different places reckon with, or fail to reckon with, their relationship to the history of slavery. 
To try and understand how these places tell that story.
Very excited to share the cover of my new book, How the Word Is Passed. 
It’s my first book of nonfiction and I’m really proud it. 
It’s coming out June 1, 2021 and is now available for preorder. 
I hope you’ll consider getting a copy and spreading the word.
Sometimes you express your love for Buffalo Wild Wings and sometimes your friends try to play you but you stand strong and remain undeterred for all the lemon pepper sauce lovers out there.
It’s so good!
wow I’m shook, I should have seen it smh
ROSS TOO???
Still can’t believe I had no idea for so long that Ryan Giggs was Black. 
thank you for sharing it with them!
😩
Let’s make it count.
yep!
TONIGHT come hang with me, @NifMuhammad, @kaysarahsera, and @mojgani for our 5th annual poetry gig. 
Event is free but donations are encouraged. 
All proceeds go to @InnocenceProjNO @TheOkraProject @DontShootPdx & @WBCWSociety. 
Register below for the link.
I wrote my dissertation on people sentenced to life without parole as children. 
In those conversations years ago, they talked about how close they believed that the Supreme Court was to completely abolishing life sentences for children. 
That all feels so far away now.
Pack the court.
A reminder that, if you have the means, your local food bank could really use your support right now. 
Donating money directly to them is the best way to help.  
Even a small amount goes a long way.
Her grandmother was enslaved. 
Your regular reminder that slavery wasn’t that long ago.
Arsenal, oh, Arsenal.
Very grateful Arsenal signed Gabriel.
Shout out to everyone voting early.
I keep coming back to this piece. 
"By 2070 more than 3 billion people will be regularly exposed to temperatures that are not typically found outside the Sahara Desert today."
thanks!
A reminder to please support your local independent bookstore. 
They need us right now.
congrats, maggie!
Just so we’re clear, there is no way to have an honest conversation about immigration from Central America without talking both about the impact of climate change and about a history of US intervention that politically and economically destabilized many of these countries.
It’s a lie when you say it softly and it’s a lie when you yell. 
Either way it’s still a lie.
I missed the Arsenal game but saw Özil was live-tweeting it which is equal parts distressing and amazing.
The constant racism that Black players in Europe experience is just absurd.
“Spanish newspaper ABC has issued an apology to Barcelona forward Ansu Fati after their match report compared his pace to that of a ‘black street seller’ fleeing the police.“
I vote Marcus Rashford for British Prime Minister. 
It’s impossible to fully convey the rage I feel when I think about the fact that there are over 500 children who were stripped away from their parents at the border and now haven’t seen them in years. 
I look at my two kids, imagining if it were them, and I almost want to explode.
This is unforgivable. 
Thinking of the people fighting for justice in Nigeria today.
this was fantastic, alexis
“Juvenile life-without-parole (LWOP) sentences are an abomination...
Today, the United States is the only country that allows this practice—it is banned everywhere else and prohibited by human-rights treaties that most other nations have signed on to.”
"Historians of good faith and excellent method can and should explore these questions without fear or rancor...
But in the loudest criticism of 1619 has been a level of vitriol that is neither productive nor scholarly."
I wrote about the Superdome. 
What it meant during my childhood, what it symbolized after Hurricane Katrina, and what its emptiness means now.
If you know someone who has not filled out the census please have them do it now. 
Like right now.
@FreeMindsDC is hosting a book launch tonight for their new anthology of young incarcerated poets. 
It’s a fantastic collection and will be a great event. Please tune in.
it was wonderful to spend part of the day with you all!
congrats fam, the rate at which you produce this work for our young people is incredible and we’re all grateful
congrats, talia!
ooo good point
When I see someone being interviewed after standing in line to vote for six hours I'm really proud of that person! 
I'm also furious that they had to do that. 
It shouldn't take superhuman patience and physical endurance to vote, this isn't an Ironman triathlon. 
It's ridiculous.
These are people who want to vote. Who get up at 6 in the morning to vote. 
Who rearrange their entire day so that they are able to vote. 
And these long lines, that we see even now with early voting, prevent people from doing so. 
It shouldn't be this hard, but it is for a reason.
We, understandably, praise those who stand in line for hours to vote, but all I think of when I see these long lines are the people who needed to get out of line to pick up their kids, get to work on time, attend their doctor's appointment. 
It's an enormous institutional failure.
wow you gotta fight if someone does this to you 
Honestly that second part might be the most impressive thing of all
t’s incredible that LeBron was the most hyped high school basketball player of all time and has gone on to have a career that has *far exceeded* every expectation.
LeBron James is 35. Unbelievable.
BARELY
DANNY COULD HAVE BEEN A LEGEND
Yikes
became a superstar for real
So much respect for Jimmy Butler man
I was lucky enough to read this manuscript and y’all it is so good please press the pre-order button ASAP.
Come join me @kaysarahsera @mojgani and @NifMuhammad for our 5th annual poetry gig together on October 27th. 
All donations from the event go to these three organizations doing really important work across the country. 
Register at the link below. It should be a lot of fun.
thanks, Sarah!
Thanks for your important work on this
Please watch this.
Nothing else is relevant if we don’t solve climate change.
Shout out to that fly. 
The hero we all needed.
This is like when my toddler has spilled spaghetti sauce all over the floor and when I ask what happened he looks around and says “what spaghetti sauce? this is a beautiful painting!”
GO JONNY GO
this is fantastic, kyle. thanks so much for writing it
Still can't believe LeBron and Anthony Davis are on the same team.
Millions of people have lost their jobs. 
Millions of people have lost their insurance. Millions of people are trying to do the best they can to keep people their families and communities safe, secure, and stable amid a series of devastating and cascading crises. 
It's all so much.
Sometimes the reality of these things can get lost in the context of electoral politics, especially this close to an election but folks across this country are really really struggling. 
Being forced to make impossible choices about how to conserve whatever money they have left.
It can't be said enough: so many ppl don't have enough money to pay rent, to pay for food, to pay for medicine, to pay for clothes for their kids, to pay the bills for their family. 
The list goes on. 
The failure to provide money for people when they are most in need is abhorrent.
deleted the last post because it's not worth giving attention to
Such a great list
amazing! and so well deserved for everything you've given us
congrats, tressie!
 well played
every time I tweet about french fries they are all I see for days
Ozil lol
VIERA 2.0 BABYYY
I’m very excited about it
unlikely but same
*sobs with indescribable joy* 
IT’S PARTEY TIMEEEEEE
this is fantastic
Amid all of this there are still people being evicted from their homes, people rationing food so there's enough to eat, people choosing which bills they can pay and which they can't, people with no health insurance because they lost their job.
It's infuriating.
It's unacceptable.
Imagine being the family member of a secret service agent and watching that.
This Premier League season is going to be wild and I am here for it.
thanks so much for reading, Soledad
This is the stuff I love to see @Arsenal
thanks fam.
this was very helpful
I can imagine!
Alright, after three months we’ve finally finished all six seasons of The Sopranos.
Please send me the best thing you’ve read to help me make sense of that final episode...
I’m so sorry
thank you for sharing
Thinking about all those who have been turned away from the hospital and told to go home.
Who have been forced to decide between their job and their health.
Who were as careful as they could be.
Who have gotten exposed to this virus because of other people’s callous indifference.
Chris i wish they tasted good unfortunately they taste like cat poop
I would like to make an amendment to a previous declaration I’ve made, I once said sweet potatoes and all things made from them were gross.
But I just had some sweet potatoes noodles for the first time and they were kind of incredible.
With the beef teriyaki?! *chef’s kiss*
👀
thank you for sharing with your students!
congrats, Roberto!
I really wanted to see him lay for Nigeria.
Not too late though, just depends on if he gets on the field
“The subtle and deadly change of heart that might occur in you would be involved with the realization that a civilization is not destroyed by wicked people; 
it is not necessary that people be wicked but only that they be spineless.” - James Baldwin
Looking forward to this https://t.co/2XtBHAnMYY
“The World Bank predicts the number of people living in extreme poverty will rise by anywhere from 70 million to 100 million this year, and may stay that way for several years as the coronavirus-related slowdown in economic growth is expected to linger”
I just want better for us than this.
they should revisit this
Genuine question, can’t they just cut off the other person’s mic when the other is giving their two minutes?
This man literally told white supremacists to “stand by.”
So many people have died.
Always remember they didn’t have to.
This is bananas
What a legend https://t.co/hsPaLESzmt
Best biography I’ve ever read.
This is an important story.
you already know
When I’m flipping through old books I can always tell which ones I read in college because they’re stained with the grease of many late night cheese quesadillas.
But we’re on the right track.
Trust the process.
I mean, at the end of the day Liverpool is just better than us.
Lacazette wyd man
I hope we sign Aouar soon.
That’s an incredible tweet lol
booooooo
i hate this peacock delay
ugh
I’LL TAKE THAT YES I WILL
It's not too late to sign up: https://t.co/ex6wAWdr4m
Please fill out the census.
I hate Manchester United but I love Marcus Rashford.
I wrote about how, despite what the president wants you think, teaching students about the history of slavery is one of the most patriotic things you can do.
Will always be grateful to @nhannahjones for including me in the 1619 project.
Grateful as well to the teachers who use it in their classrooms.
I'm thinking of all the ppl who knew Breonna Taylor before she became hashtag.
The people who raised her, the people who held her, the people who laughed with her, the people who cried with her, the people who dreamed with her.
They didn't deserve this.
She didn't deserve this.
"It’s rooted in a uniquely American youth sports industry built around economic and social capital.
The industry fuels a sprawling soccer network that excludes minorities and perpetuates the power of those white men in charge." 
This is a book you want to order ASAP.
It's so funny when your kids become old enough to try &amp; manipulate you.
3 yr old furrowed his brow &amp; said "Daddy, you're a great person, a great person, which is why you should get me pizza, you're such a great person.
So great."
We did not order pizza, but I respect the effort.
Can’t wait to read this.
They'll always show you who they really are.
Just did a zoom writing workshop w/some 9th grade students from North Carolina &amp; even in the midst of a global pandemic I remain astounded at young ppl's capacity for empathy & vulnerability.
Their lives have been turned upside down, but they remain so generous with one another.