Royal Navy and UK MOD pay their respects to one of their own #SeanConnery 
On this last Friday before.....time to post something wonderful about the good people out there .....
share your favorites please.
Nacho flavored pumpkin seeds in the new Close Combat Rations you may wish to read up on.
The US military remains apolitical day to day, but this general is urging troops to exercise their right to vote and explains why he is casting his ballot. 🗳️
Due to steep increases in Covid-19 cases, Army @FtBliss commander bans sit-down dining off base, trick or treating and institutes curfew. 
Bliss location in El Paso puts it in hotspot, no rounding of curve in sight right now.
To clarify...students will get free meals in DOD schools. 
It will be most helpful to military families that may be suffering financial hardships in pandemic.
Consider this part of the #pandemic hunger crisis: 
Military children now qualify for free meals in military families experiencing COVID related financial hardships. 
#COVID19 
#hungry


Retired Gen Peay, superintendent of Virginia Military Institute resigns amid reports of systemic racism and subsequent investigation.
Is @WHNSC a possible Secretary of Defense in a second Trump term? 


For everyone’s awareness Gen Milley issued statement earlier via @thejointstaff

From Gen Milley (Joint Chiefs) spokesman, Colonel David Butler:
“We realize the COVID exposure of the Joint Chiefs could create doubt in the minds of the American people or our adversaries that America’s defenses are in some way compromised. 
They certainly are not”

"uniforms with the belt, everybody wanted the belt" touted by the President of the United States as a major military accomplishment.

Everyone should read this

UPDATE: Joint Chiefs, including Chairman Gen Mark Milley now expected to continue to work from home until Tuesday out of an abundance of caution following possible #COVID19 exposure: DOD official.

No masks? No social distancing?

so far we are told all have tested negative. day to day decision on when top brass comes back to Pentagon

Gen Milley offers an apology to Congressman Adam Schiff

Also worth pointing out many meetings at that time were via VTC at the highest levels of the Pentagon--in person contact was significantly reduced.


retweets B-1 bombing video (not clear if training or real) with male voice laughing over the bombing pictures.

You can listen to what he says by turning sound up.
Video then cuts to more serious military voices.

@Alyssafarah is also a former Pentagon spox

The point of the presidential suite is any president can be treated In a specific area without disrupting hospital ops.

So how did he meet troops?

On Oct 4 today spare a thought for the families whose loved ones fell on this day, decades apart, in Niger and Mogadishu.

This week DOD shut down an effort to rapidly get new gear to troops in combat.

May their memories be a blessing.
#NeverForget

Beginning Saturday, October 3, Arlington National Cemetery (ANC) is reopening visitation to President John F. Kennedy’s gravesite.

DOD announces Gen Milley was tested this morning and is negative for #COVID19

And still Esper has declined to comment.

Esper traveling in North Africa.

No statement from his staff yet.

Gen Milley, chairman of joint chiefs just seen in Pentagon hallway conducting his regular schedule.

Last time he saw POTUS was Sunday at Gold Star Mothers event according to adm official. 
Milley is regularly tested & follows CDC protocols.
No word yet from @EsperDoD staff

"There has been no change to our alert levels.

The US military stands ready to defend our country and its citizens.
There is no change to the readiness and capability of our armed forces,” 
Joint Staff spox says in reax to President having #COVID19 (effort to reassure the world)

#FactsMatter 
#FactsFirst 
especially when it comes to suicide in the military.

	
There is great concern among military commanders, especially in the Army that the isolation from #COVID19 may be leading to a rise in death by suicide in the ranks.

DOD will not call it a rise, commanders will.
Here are the facts.

A top senior Army enlisted leader posts this about the need for what he calls being "brutally honest"

Watch every second, every minute of this report from relentless journalist @KyungLahCNN and see what is happening to your fellow neighbors as they face the possibility of being on the street due to #COVID19 evictions.
Don't avert your eyes, 
#FactsFirst 
#FactsMatter 
#WearAMask

Morning sky at Pentagon today.

Bonus: as I snapped the shot the little red fox that now lives near the metro entrance strolled by on his morning paw patrol.

yes it is. 
but do to certain events cute puppy tweets started early today.

Somehow this seemed timely for so many

A closeup look at Navy SEAL gear

Justice #RuthBaderGinsburg was laid to rest early this morning at @ArlingtonNatl next to her husband in a private ceremony. 
She had an Army escort at the cemetery.
Just as the troops honored her at the Capitol with precision and dignity.


It’s been 80 days since DoD leaders promised to release an investigation ‘within days’ into an Army helicopter buzzing protesters  

Right now, as a military team brings the casket of #JusticeRuthBaderGinsburg up the steps of the US Capitol, perhaps no greater reminder that US troops swear as oath to the Constitution and only to that North Star rule of law.


General Mark Milley, Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff "We know factually that masks work."
Gen Mark Milley: ”We are right now in the midst of a general election and each of you have earned your right to vote.
So I would strongly encourage that everyone exercise their right vote when the time comes and use the rights that have been granted to you in the Constitution." 

Pentagon leadership remains adamant at staying out of partisan election politics and declaring the Constitution its North Star.
But the questions have not stopped.


"Let us not hedge about one thing," @bartongellman writes.
"Donald Trump may win or lose, but he will never concede." Who will stop him from throwing the election into chaos?


Most Americans would have no reason to know Gen Selva’s name.
But inside the very highest ranks he   is very respected.

Several DOD officials tell me Pentagon and Gen Milley continue to monitor the situation in Louisville as we learn of grand jury decision in the investigation into the killing of Breonna Taylor.
DOD goal: ensure civilian/state resources used & no need for active duty they say.


US Navy warship USS Kidd flies giant pirate flag as it pulls into port, and shows just a bit of rust apparentlyapparently....this is an official US DOD photo.
