Both sides nervous heading into the vote. 
Should be an interesting day. 
Watch tonight’s @NoSpinNews for my final predictions.
 Catch it at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
My analysis has President Trump slightly ahead of Joe Biden tonight. 
I run down all 50 states on the No Spin News this evening. 
http://BillOReilly.com has it.
One of the reasons I will be happy if President @realDonaldTrump wins - the media will be so completely embarrassed and maybe the corruption of the entire industry will be exposed.
Joe Biden is a corrupt, weak man who is fronting a subversive movement that will crush traditional Americans.

Just saw a Corgi in a Toyota commercial. 
I am available for commercial opportunities. 
Not enough snacks at http://BillOReilly.com.
If President Trump does win re-election, I think some civic groups should sue the polling companies for fraud.  
They would most likely lose, but discovery might show many interesting and perhaps corrupt things in the polling world.
Been up since six getting election info. 
Both sides are nervous. 
I’ll break it down state-by-state tonight on the No Spin News. 
Stick with us and you’ll get honest information on http://BillOReilly.com.
Special tribute to Sean Connery on Monday’s @NoSpinNews. https://t.co/WkdD1mMShA
New York Times and CNN just dropped polls showing Biden winning big. 
Remember that should President Trump prevail on Tuesday. 
Other polling now has Trump ahead in Arizona and Iowa. 
Best, most honest analysis on http://BillOReilly.com.
Best election coverage on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C right now. 
Check it out!
Last column before Election Day just posted. 
Hope you read it and send to your friends and acquaintances. 
Important
Sean Connery passes at age 90. 
Had dinner with him two years ago in the Bahamas. 
Witty, smart, never PC. 
The best Bond by far and a brilliant all around actor. 
Deep respect.
Interesting election analysis with @GlennBeck just posted on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C.  
Hope you check it out.

In which Don Lemon compares Trump supporters to drug addicts...! 
First election prediction: 
because of California, Joe Biden will win the popular vote.  
But Donald Trump will win perhaps 70 percent of the nation’s counties.  
More to come over the weekend, stay close to http://BillOReilly.com.
My job is to tell everyone that https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C has an excellent pre/vote program tonight. 
I get snacks for doing this!
No kneeling zone.
My take is Mr. Trump is showing strength in the final week. 
Mr. Biden is not.
Your money and Joe Biden.  
In depth election analysis on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C.  
Right now.  
You’ll be glad you checked it out.
Covid now the number one issue in the presidential race.   
Please read the Message of the Day on http://BillOReilly.com -
Tonight, @The_Oxford_Club's Chief Investment Strategist Alex Green joins the @NoSpinNews. 

We'll debate what happens to the markets with a Trump or Biden victory. 

We've discussed many times the importance of the stock market for hardworking Americans: https://t.co/3Ajxd1ylzx?amp=1
Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, we will analyze the twelve states that remain contested and I will predict some outcomes. 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

How will the anti-Trump press cover the last eight days of the campaign – we’ll analyze on tonight’s @NoSpinNews.
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
President Trump has some momentum now even as the corporate media continues to hammer him with the virus. 
Please check out the No Spin News tonight. 
http://BillOReilly.com has it.


The 60 Minutes broadcast was a win for Biden. 
The President continues to get hurt on the Covid stuff. 
At this point, most Americans don’t trust the news media so I can’t assess the damage to the Trump-Pence ticket. 
Best election coverage on http://BillOReilly.com.
Norah O’Donnell does not challenge Kamala Harris mischaracterizing the Charlottesville situation. 
She should have. 
Also, she did not challenge Mr. Biden’s claim that Putin is behind the Hunter Biden stuff.
That is subtle unfairness.
Here’s a fair assessment of the 60 Minutes interviews.
Lesley Stahl asked President Trump a series of “you are screwing up” questions. 
Norah O’Donnell asked Biden open-ended questions where he was not on the defensive as Mr. Trump was and could give non-specific answers.
Lesley Stahl on 60 Minutes says President Trump’s accusation that his campaign was “spied on” is unverified. 
The Inspector General in the Justice Department reported a pattern of unethical federal behavior in surveilling the Trump campaign. 
That’s verification.
What does Joe Biden really think of America? 
Please read my new column just posted - https://t.co/8IC2Ht4KTl
I’m guarding https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C. 
Millions coming in to see what fair and smart election coverage looks like! 
Almost every news agency is scaling back. 
Cutting salaries. 
Not hiring.

Everyone but us. 
We're expanding. 
Because we have the best news analysis. No Spin.
Check out the @NoSpinNews free on http://TheFirstTV.com – or commercial-free & on-demand at http://BillOReilly.com.
Looks like last night’s debate coupled with financial suspicion about Joe Biden is helping President Trump.
BillOReilly.com has honest election coverage. 
Open to all this weekend. 
Plus, listen to my election analysis on the Glenn Beck radio show!
Just did a major interview with @glennbeck on the election. 
Check it out - https://t.co/BOFiIvBpHN
Want to see the best analysis of last night’s debate?  
It’s open to all now and through the weekend.  
Let me know if you DON’T think it’s the best and why - Bill@BillOReilly.com.

Biden says no one should go to jail for a pure drug offense. 
That includes selling heroine and methamphetamine.
Welker asks Biden a tough question about his incarceration of people for possession of narcotics.
Biden calls the ‘proud boys’ the ‘poor boys’.
Ms. Welker asking a loaded, out of context question on race to Donald Trump. 
First time she is blatantly unfair.
Trump scoring points on what he has done for African Americans.
Ms. Welker is now talking about the minimum wage. 
Why? 
That is a state issue.
Donald Trump should hit Biden with his plan to pay for health costs of illegal aliens but Mr. Trump has forgotten that.
Good question from Welker to Biden—'why haven’t you pushed the Democrats to make another stimulus bill?’
Now they’re arguing who tried to hurt Social Security. 
This kind of stuff is impossible for regular folks to calibrate.
Not learning anything from this health care stuff.
Why are we talking about North Korea? 
This seems to be a NBC News obsession. Nobody cares about North Korea.
The moderator Ms. Welker cutting Trump off every time he tries to talk about the emails that were printed in the New York Post.
Biden can’t answer the question about what he would do to hold China accountable.
Trump scores on insinuating that Biden takes money under the table from foreign governments.
Biden saying Trump has a secret bank account in China—Trump shaking his head no.
Trump now attacking Biden on the email-Hunter Biden situation.
Biden is saying that Rudy Giuliani is being fed information from Russia about Biden that is not true.
Didn’t learn much from the Covid stuff. 
Biden is lucid tonight and is making his points fairly clearly.
Trump scoring points saying all Biden supporters support shutdowns pointing to Democratic governors, like New York—which is devastating.
Biden blaming unemployment, school closures all on Trump but never saying how he would have stopped the virus. 
The President should ask that question directly, ‘how would you have stopped it?’
Trump taking a shot at Biden saying he made a lot of money some place. 
Referring to the Hunter Biden situation.
Biden says there is no prospect that a vaccine will be available.
Biden is not saying anything new either. 
He did blame Donald Trump for all of the Covid deaths. 
But this is the same old, same old.
President Trump not saying anything new about Covid just re-reciting what the government has done to tamp down the virus.
Some very negative Joe Biden stuff coming out right before the debate. 
More money for Hunter from China stuff.  
We are on it. 
Will the moderator even bring it up?
Big night. 
Live analysis right after the debate on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C and https://t.co/g82M2njWbD. 
Tweeting throughout the spectacle, and right now the questions I would ask each candidate are posted on the site.
First question for Mr. @JoeBiden from me— 
‘Your son Hunter made millions of dollars; 
do you believe that you helped him do that?’
My lead question for @realDonaldTrump tonight would be, ‘Mr. President, in hindsight, should you have promoted actively wearing masks to mitigate Covid? 
Should you have done that in a more aggressive way, especially in the beginning?'
I am not optimistic that Kristen Welker, the NBC News Correspondent who is moderating tonight’s debate, will ask questions that are important to voters.
Lesley Stahl denies the economy before the pandemic was “record breaking,” accuses Mr. 
Trump of endangering people at his rallies and, incredibly, denies there is any “scandal” surrounding Joe Biden. 
This is one amazing q and a.
Just watched the '60 Minutes' interview that President Trump released. 
He was smart to do that.
Just posted for all - the questions I would ask both candidates tonight during the debate! 
Please out the Message of the Day and let me know what you think!
Just saw a clip of Lesley Stahl interviewing President Trump where she essentially called him a liar. 
So now we know why the controversy erupted. 
Best and most honest election coverage on http://BillOReilly.com.
Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, @BernardGoldberg and I will discuss the future of the American media, in the face of all the corruption.  
 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
President Trump gaining. 
Check out the No Spin News tonight. Bernie Goldberg on the program. 
https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C has it.
Bernie Goldberg on tonight's @NoSpinNews - read his latest column: https://t.co/B035bSTROY
With a hotly contested election two weeks away… 

Folks wonder: What will happen to my money? My 401(k)? 

My response: Are you positioning yourself now? 
You've got to be smart. 

See this video now by my friends at 
@The_Oxford_Club
Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, we’ll continue the best election coverage anywhere.  
We give you just the facts, No spin. 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Excellent No Spin election coverage on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C. 
Stayed alert through the entire show and wasn’t bribed to do it!
Political chaos on some college campuses. 
Please read the Message of the Day and watch the nightly No Spin News for the most honest election coverage.
There are just 15 days before we vote, some predictors are starting to emerge and I will analyze them tonight on the @NoSpinNews.
 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com


So if I go downstairs, they will grab me to do a promo for “Killing Crazy Horse.” 
If I don’t go down, there are no treats. 
Easy call. 
The book is available everywhere! 
Glad the Comanches didn’t capture me!
Much of the mail I receive asks about why the media is so corrupt these days. 
Those dueling town halls last Thursday were illustrative of that.
Very important column just posted. 
This one directly affects your life by explaining the media corruption we are all seeing. 
Hope you read it.
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris would destroy the country — you can wave traditional America goodbye.

That’s why I cannot vote for them.

Check out the @NoSpinNews free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
Reviews of Killing Crazy Horse by readers on Amazon are incredible. Hope you check that out and get the book! 
You’ll be happy.
Not much accomplished at the Town Halls. 
President Trump kept cool as Ms. Guthrie layed out leftist talking points. 
Biden was fairly smooth as George S. forgot about Hunter. 
Media fix is in. 
Get honest analysis on http://BillOReilly.com.  
We deal extensively with Hunter Biden.
This NBC thing with Mr. Trump is a complete setup. 
Ms. Guthrie is hostile. 
Meanwhile, it’s a smooch fest between Stephanopolus and Biden on ABC.
President Trump taking Savannah Guthrie apart on NBC. 
She is pushing White Supremacy and Qanon.
Tonight on the @NoSpinNews I examine Joe Biden’s corruption and the impact it will have on the election. 
Important story that is being ignored on cable.
 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
Last night in prime time, CNN and MSNBC totally ignored the Hunter Biden story. 
This morning, Good Morning America and the CBS Morning program both ignored. 
The Today Show spent about 60 seconds on it. 
This is unprecedented corruption by the corporate media.
Tonight on the No Spin News, I will take apart this Hunter Biden story which is important in many ways.


Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, a hard look at presidential polling—will polls be proven wrong again, as they were in 2016?
 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
We’re following the Biden-Ukraine latest. 
Another example of questionable behavior by the former Vice President. 
But there may be more to this. 
Best coverage on http://BillOReilly.com.
Mitt Romney scolding those who use politics to advance hate. But the Senator is missing one huge point: the media corruption. 
Smart, fact-based news analysis on http://BillOReilly.com.
Is President Trump poised for a comeback?  
 
Check out the @NoSpinNews free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.
Exhausted from watching the Supreme Court thing. 
Why isn’t there a Corgi justice? 
Resting up for the No Spin News on http://BillOReilly.com tonight.
Pres. Trump is the only president who could recover the economy so quickly from March's recession.

Stock market is back to record highs. 
11.4M jobs added since May. 
@realDonaldTrump did this in months. 

More w/@The_Oxford_Club on wealth-building in US: https://pro.oxfordclubcommunique.com/p/WEALTHTO99AGBBOOKOXFLT2YRDS786786LTBRK/POXFWA66/?h=true

Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, we will advance the vitally important story of the Democrats attempting to blow up the Supreme Court.
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

So far the Judge Barrett hearings are incredibly boring.  
Everyone will lose health care and die if the Judge is confirmed to the Supreme Court. 
Only http://BillOReilly.com can make this interesting. 
Hope you check us out.

Want autumn? 
Here it is. 
Bar Harbor, Maine! 

Tremendous amount of propaganda surrounding the presidential race. 
Get honest, incisive reporting on http://BillOReilly.com including my new column on Kamala Harris. 
Also, 'Killing Crazy Horse' has a 92% approval rating on Amazon. 
Listen to the folks!

Speaker Pelosi embarrasses the country with this 25th amendment / removal stuff. 
Will someone please take her back to the hair salon? 
Best news analysis on http://BillOReilly.com.

Killing Crazy Horse hit top ten on Amazon last night.  
Great read for the Columbus Day weekend.  
New column on Kamala Harris coming later today.

Mike Pence won the debate. Tonight on the @NoSpinNews we’ll tell you why.
 
Watch free starting at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Vice President Pence won the debate on the Supreme Court, protests, and foreign policy. Best coverage on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C!

Ms. Page sets up Harris with a cheap shot question about what if Trump doesn’t leave office if he loses. 
Ridiculous, speculative, nonsensical.

Senator Harris just said that Biden-Harris would eliminate cash bail. 
A very radical left position.
Pence wins the debate—Harris looks foolish and deceptive on the Supreme Court. 
That will be the viral moment of this debate.
Harris playing the race card on the Supreme Court question. 
This is a very bad sequence for Senator Harris.
Terrible answer by Harris on the Supreme Court. Pence once again asks the question—third time.
Harris dodging the direct question from Pence about stacking the court. 
This is not a good moment for Ms. Harris.

Harris on rant about the Affordable Care Act. 
The moderator Susan Page hasn’t asked about stacking the Supreme Court which is the most important question. 
The moderator is letting all Americans down.

Pence ignoring Susan Page’s question on abortion going back to the killing of Soleimani. 
The Iranian General. 
A gutsy move.
Finally, a relevant question about the Supreme Court. 
Let’s see how this goes.

Another strange question from the moderator Susan Page asking to define America’s leadership role in the World. 
Why are we wasting time on this theoretical stuff?

The moderator is asking now about China. 
I want to know about civil unrest. 
I would like to know about rising crime. 
I would like to know about packing the Supreme Court. 
I would like to know about things that impact me. 
China—a waste of time at this point.

Pence dodges the question about climate change being an existential threat and goes back to Biden’s going to raise taxes
Senator Harris is saying that Barack Obama is responsible for the good economy during the Trump years. 
Tough sell.

Harris looks arrogant and foolish with a phony smile and head shake. 
Pence is killing her on the economic stats. 
This is Pence’s strongest moment.

At this point the debate is a draw. 
Vice President Pence is being too nice. 
Senator Harris is articulate but comes across as arrogant and the facial expressions are hurting her.

Harris takes a question on health transparency and turns it into tax transparency. 
his is the problem with the debates. 
Both candidates take the questions and turn it into what they want. 
What good is that.

Pence is congratulating Harris on the historic nature of her nomination. 
This is the warm fuzzy in Vice President. 
In contrast to his boss.
Pence has a strong line asking Senator Harris to stop playing politics with people’s lives.
Susan Page is asking hypothetical questions about age—it is a foolish waste of time.
Pence is dodging that question right now.

Good question by Susan Page—asking how do you expect people to follow Covid restriction guidelines when the Rose Garden reception at the White House did not.

Pence takes a shot at Biden for plagiarism by saying the Biden plan is the exact same as the Trump plan on the virus.

Senator Harris repeating the fiction that President Trump called the virus a hoax. 
That is not true. 
He called the coverage of the virus a hoax. 
Also, Ms. Harris is accusing the Trump administration of a cover up. 
It will be interesting to see how Pence responds to that.

Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, I’ll preview the VP debate with @greta. 
Also, I’ll be tweeting during the debate.  
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

I didn't mind that Kamala Harris opposed Brett Kavanaugh's SCOTUS nomination - but what she did to him and his family was unconscionable and un-American.

She denied him due process - as a former District Attorney and Attorney General, she knows better.
 So I have no use for her.

Mike Pence needs to take a hammer to Senator Harris tonight if he wants to reignite some momentum behind the Trump-Pence ticket - because it is foundering. 
Word of the day.

My first FNC broadcast. 

24 years ago today, the Fox News Channel first started broadcasting. 
I was there, just a teenager at the time. 
Tonight: @greta on the @NoSpinNews.

The VP debate is tonight. The election is less than four weeks away. 

The stakes have never been higher. 

No matter the result… 

You should NEVER bet against America.

Not hard to do.

Vice President Pence is very loyal to the President. 
Will he go after Senator Harris for being a “due process denier” tonight? Hope so. 
He probably won’t.

President Trump is running behind Joe Biden - but there is time for him to come back.
 
I give the specifics on tonight’s @NoSpinNews – watch free starting at 8:00pm on http://TheFirstTV.com or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Mr. Trump may be the Covid kid today, but there will never be a vaccine for what Biden/Harris will bring. 


Corgis can’t get Covid but presidents can. 
Best coverage on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C. 
Important place in these crazy days!

Tonight on the @NoSpinNews we’ll deal with the consequences of Mr. Trump contracting Covid in a disciplined, fair way. 
The truth is always worth seeking.

Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free & on-demand at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.


Again, be VERY skeptical of what the corporate media is reporting about the President’s medical condition.

Both pro and anti-Trump forces are trying to control the narrative.

Truth has nothing to do with it.

Keep dialed into http://BillOReilly.com.

Brand new column just posted.

Subject: what will happen to us if Democrats win in November.

Hope you read it.

Special Message of the Day about President Trump’s Covid condition posted on http://BillOReilly.com.

Important you read it.

President Trump’s Doctor just said he’s doing “very well.”  But the hysterical corporate media is not.

Honest reporting on http://BillOReilly.com.

Caution on believing what the press is reporting about President Trump.

Remember, there are no rules of journalism anymore.

These people will put rumor and falsehood out there.

http://BillOReilly.com is monitoring closely.

The most important issue of this election is the Supreme Court – politicizing the court is a danger to our rights.
Check out the @NoSpinNews free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Biden/Harris still refusing to answer whether they would pack the Supreme Court – a non-answer is an answer.

Packing the court is the single most important issue in this election.

If you feel glad that Donald and Melania Trump are ill, then you have a sickness, too.

And while most recover from Covid, the disease of enjoying the suffering of others is rarely defeated.

That disease is called evil.

A message about the President and First Lady just posted - https://t.co/LAv0CNKP4X

Tonight on the @NoSpinNews we’ll analyze the danger that would come from a Joe Biden presidency.
 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Americans may be in danger this election cycle.

We spell it out on http://BillOReilly.com.

Important @NoSpinNews  tonight.

Best analysis anywhere on the presidential debate with Bernie Goldberg and Eric Bolling on the @NoSpinNews.
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

Tons of propaganda on TV news today.

I cannot endure it.
 
Please check out my debate analysis.

Fair and smart.

Or am I wrong?

Very important show tonight—we are live directly following the first presidential debate.

I’ll have my full analysis of the event, open to all.
Watch the special @NoSpinNews on http://TheFirstTV.com or http://BillOReilly.com.

I’m live now on https://t.co/JwHUbSJ0rb analyzing that disappointment of a debate.

Big mistake.


Biden says officials in Portland and Oregon could take care of violence if Trump would stay out of it.

Major gaffe.

Biden wants community policing where mental health people accompany the cops on 911 calls.
Biden is coming across soft on crime.

Every time Trump directs a question to him about what he would do—he dodges.
Trump scores points on law and order.
Biden has no reply to his silence about the violence in the demonstrations and in criminal matters.

Joe Biden is not telling the truth about the Charlottesville, Virginia remarks on “very fine people on both sides”.

The debate over the statue removals was the context of Trump’s remarks.

Joe Biden is absolutely lying about this.

Biden just called President Trump a clown.

Chris Wallace doesn’t have the facts at his command about the Ukraine payments made to Biden’s son that Trump brought up.

Big mistake by Mr. Wallace.

Biden says Trump blew it because the Obama administration handed him a vibrant economy.

Not sure Americans will buy that.
Trump does not answer the question about $750 paid in personal federal income tax.
Wallace pushing Trump to answer the federal income tax figure at $750.
Trump says Biden wants to shutdown the economy—points to Democratic states that are keeping businesses closed.

Strong argument.
Biden scoring some points on Covid.

President Trump should ask Biden why he said Trump was xenophobic when he stopped flights from China.

That is a strong point, but Trump is not following up fast enough.

Wallace’s questions are too long.
Both guys are boring on the never-ending health care thing.
Biden calls Trump a liar, Trump lets it go.
Good line from Trump—he tells Chris Wallace he’s debating him, not Joe.
Trump being very aggressive in contradicting what Biden says.

First 7 minutes—Trump stronger.
Biden stumbling over first question about Amy Coney Barrett and whether she should be nominated.

Two lock predictions for tonight’s debate.

Joe Biden will say “if in fact” at least 15 times.

And the live debate analysis on http://BillOReilly.com/live immediately after the chat fest, will be fair and smart!
 
See you later.

Just moments after the debate concludes we are LIVE with the best analysis anywhere!
 
No use trying to get info out of the pinheads on cable news.

Please spread the word.

Biden-Harris releasing their tax returns is a smart move and President Trump will be asked about his taxes tonight.

Might be first question.

I’ll be on live right after debate.

No BS!


Smart, fair, and tough analysis LIVE immediately following tonight's debate.

http://BillOReilly.com has it.

@TheFirstonTV has it.

@77WABCradio radio has it.

The networks and their pinhead panels do not have it.

Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, a debate preview and more on the Supreme Court.
Get the facts, no spin on http://TheFirstTv.com starting at 8pm ET – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.


You need to see this strategy in action during an election year.


Big column just posted.
It’s entitled “The Devil and Joe Biden.” Hope you read it.


Big weekend for Holly the Terror Dog.
Just missed being nominated to the Supreme Court of animal.
See her photo gallery on http://BillOReilly.com.
Less than six weeks until the most important election of my lifetime—and we will have the best election coverage on the @NoSpinNews.
It’s Holly the Terror Dog’s birthday weekend.
The celebration is on.
https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C has a gallery of pictures!

Tonight on the @NoSpinNews we’ll continue our reporting on the intense culture war in the USA.
 
 
Check it out for free staring at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.


Uh-oh.
O’Reilly is analyzing LeBron James tonight on the No Spin News.
https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C has it.
I may need a nap after! 

Some TV commentators are now inciting violence.
Please read the Message of the Day.


Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, former White House spokeswoman @SarahHuckabee opines on President Trump’s reelection campaign.
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.


Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, we will have a strategy session about the big debate.
That’s coming up one week from tonight.
 
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.


Tonight on the @NoSpinNews, we’ll have a fact-based look at Bob Woodward’s book and an honest appraisal of Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
Watch free at 8pm ET on http://TheFirstTV.com – or watch commercial-free and on-demand starting at 6pm on http://BillOReilly.com.

