Trump Wisconsin speech leans on his law enforcement message in Kenosha where one of his teenaged supporters killed two people during protests over the shooting of Jacob Blake.
Trump, stressing
Trump continues to complain about about Court ruling that allows votes to be counted.
Judge Hanen  on drive through voting: 
Federal judge rejects GOP-led challenge seeking to invalidate nearly 127,000 votes in Democratic-leaning county
Whatever happened with Biden ? 
Maybe he’s smarter than we think..” Ego gratification :
Trump asks a crowd that showed up for him at midnight “Who here is going to vote for Biden”
Trump at midnight rally in FL.
“Is there any place you would rather be than at a Trump rally?”
Trump at midnight rally in FL:“Is there any place would would rather be than a Trump rally? “
Judge mandates USPS take 'extraordinary measures' as on-time movement of mail ballots drops - CNNPolitics
Atlas mea culpa was apparently for an unauthorized interview.
Finally 
Scott Atlas mea culpa
Conflicting contradictory polling across various outlets. 
Where have we seen this before. 
Name the year. 
Graham, N.C. protesters pepper-sprayed on march to the polls | Raleigh News &amp; Observer
No additional comment required.
Biden campaign cancels Texas event after Trump supporters surround bus on interstate

Let that sink in.. 
Trump slams SCOTUS for election vote counting delay ruling: 
he President in Bucks County PA, predicted the decision would create “bedlam in our country. A “horrible” decision. 
“I’ll say it loud and I’ll say it proud”
Trump started speaking at 1250pm
Advancing the Trump Bucks County (PA) speech: a few hundred people unlike the thousands we’ve seen at airport rallies. 
A smattering of masks, not 100%. 
COS Mark Meadows walked up not wearing one
An amazing actor and a true gentleman. 
Pretty good spy too.
Bloomberg’s lead on D’s not getting out their vote in battleground states . 
Another story suggesting Ds are not getting out their vote in a battleground state. 
Democrats uneasy about higher Republican turnout in important Florida county
October 31, 2020. Halloween 

3AM Tweet: Trump Ominously Declares Joe Biden Will Only Win White House if Supreme Court Fails to Stop It #SmartNews
Fancy Bear, the Russian Election Hackers, Caught at It Again in Attacks on California and Indiana Democrats #SmartNews
More lurching government . 
The President is defying his own arguments. 
He once suggested there was too much testing. 
He once refused aid to what he claimed were poorly run states with democratic governors. 
Now with the election on the line he’s suddenly attentive.
Busy couple days
Trump continues to trash SCOTUS and falsely claim that for some unknown reason there’s a need to end the election on Election Day when the postal service is running slow and there’s a pandemic.
Earlier this year the President suggested there would be a coronavirus vaccine by election day, though experts called it unlikely.  
I asked White House Strategic Comms director Alyssa Farah if the President is disappointed. 
She said election day was an arbitrary deadline.
Turnout in Detroit may be lower than expected. 
Reminder of the closing days in battleground Michigan four years ago. 
Wouldn’t be surprised at all.
That is if you ever believed the vaccine hype in the first place.. 

POTUS attacks the Supreme Court for making a “ridiculous” Biden win “possible” as if the pandemic wasn’t a factor.
Sleepless in the White House?
Multiple random tweets from Trump starting just after 2am ET.
“Biden Crime Family”, “Watch the Great Red Wave”, “Biden will destroy the US Supreme Court Don’t let it happen”, plus a handful of retweets.
Trump economic advisor Larry Kudlow on Covid shutdowns in Europe affecting the US economy: 
They've got a rough situation over there . 
I wish someone would think it through.
Fogerty Unfortunate Son 
GDP growth number is 33.1% in Q3. 
A new record. 
But a long way to go because the economy is still in the dumpster.
Lenny I do not know the answer to that. 
The phenomenon of social unease that swept the POTUS into office is global. Starting with Brexit and Boris in the UK... and onward. There’s a theory called relative deprivation that might explain it. Where it ends I dunno.
Honesty at the end of the race: 
Credit to POTUS for being honest about the fact that he would NOT be visiting American voters in out-of-the-way places but for his current political circumstances.
White House Staff fuming over Miles Taylor reveal

Flares?  
So does some fighter pilot have a Hatch Act issue perhaps?  Or maybe OSHA?
White House communications director says declaration that the pandemic has ended was "poorly worded" 
Wait what? 
They deceptively edited a clip of Biden citing a quote from THE POPE? 
Whoops 
Agreed this is sad
Dang. Seems like the Nittany Lions kinda popped up on the schedule so fast


Kavanaugh foreshadows how Supreme Court could disrupt vote counting

Dont delete because of trolling. 
Your knowledge of the law keeps us all informed. 
We all need you.
Barrett: It is the job of a judge to resist her policy preferences” .. a judge declares independence from .. private beliefs “
“I know you will make us all very very proud:” ; 
Trump to Barrett at election year televised Rose Garden extravaganza swearing in ceremony
Barrett swearing in event at White House: a spectacle

VP Pence was not in the chair on the ACB confirmation vote. It was Sen Grassley of Iowa. Vote was 52-48 . Barrett confirmed
US Senate voting now to confirm Amy Barrett to SCOTUS


Ok DK Metcalf I see you . Respect.
Stahl: “This is 60 minutes and we can’t put on things that we can’t verify ..” most memorable line in the whole interview . 
We’re not gonna let u lie.
60 Minutes interview airs with Lesley Stahl’s questions  “ on mike” this time. 
“The way you said that ...“. That’s Trump’s tell. 
He reacts to the questioner more than the question. 
But that’s just his problem with media people. 
His relationship with US voters is bigger.

Marc Short, chief of staff for Mike Pence, tests positive for coronavirus - CNNPolitics 
Biden goes all in on portraying Trump as a tax avoiding billionaire in DALLAS, PA speech



Though POTUS has disparaged Kristen Welker, the moderator of tonight's debate, conservative radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt gave her a compliment on the air yesterday while speaking live with the White House COS-- telling Mark Meadows that Trump can 'trust Kristen Welker.'
Senate Democrats boycott as Judiciary Committee Republicans vote  to send the nomination of Judge Amy Barrett to the full floor for a vote. Committee chair Sen. 
Lindsey Graham says he would like to have Barrett on the Supreme Court next week.
Good to know but it’s noise. 
Just vote is still the only message. 
Feds say Russia and Iran have interfered with the presidential election - CNNPolitics
So I take it Obama’s not tryna be subtle and distinguished about Trump anymore. 
He says they would have called him “Beijing Barry” if (like Trump) he’d been found to have a Chinese bank account.
Wow: 
But Trump repeats the lie over abd over again . 
Silliest of silly seasons 
Trump’s entrance music at rallies is “Macho Man” by The Village People. 
A theme of his closing  argument is something about viciously attacking established female journalists like Lesley Stahl, Kristen Welker and Savannah Guthrie. 
How is that playing with suburban women voters?
You know.. Twitter is always broken
Here's what the tax rate could be for high earners under Biden's plan 
So yes

Uh-oh 
Six Russian GRU Officers Charged in Connection with Worldwide Deployment of Destructive Malware and Other Disruptive Actions in Cyberspace | OPA | Department of Justice



Ok that’s funny: 
SNL described the choice between last week’s campaign town halls: 
“Flipping back and forth, trying to decide between a Hallmark movie and an alien autopsy.”
Trump jokes about exile.
Washington, DC's Leading Local News: Weather, Traffic, Sports and more | Washington, DC |
#SmartNews
Listen CAREFULLY to this. 
Thanks Ryan 
That’s getting REALLY close to the line. 
The 1950’s line
Shocker
Trump pressed on profiling and preparing police to deal with people of color: 
Trump: 
I have done more for African American community than Lincoln. 
No follow up like: “ does that include flirting with white nationalists and praising the good people who marched in Charlottesville.
Biden asked how he’ll resist the urge to exact revenge if elected: 
in politics he says grudges don’t work.  
These are two very different town halls going on tonight
Biden getting pressed on court packing. 
He’s refusing to get pinned down. 
He says he’ll come out with a clear position later.
Trump says $400 million of debt is under leveraged considering his net worth.  
But what’s his net worth.?
AND he’s under audit, by an IRS that treats him very badly  he says so he can’t release his taxes. 
About the same thing he said 4 Years ago
I heard there’s a cure
And the 4th year?
In addition to harsh criticism of MI governor Gretchen Whitmer, Trump also leveled insult at another woman who gets under his skin, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi with whom his Treasury Sec is still trying to get a stimulus deal. 
Pelosi's got " a lot of mental problems", Trump said.
In another telephone interview, Trump once again goes after Michigan's governor even after law enforcement uncovered a plot to kidnap her. 
"She wants to be a dictator in Michigan,  the people cant stand her.." 
Trump said on FBN
Trump’s latest October surprise is starting to look like a fail. 
Just sayin...
I’m thinking 2003 Fiesta Bowl/BCS whatever they had on that day

And the tradition continues
Trish Scalia, wife of Labor Secretary Eugene Scalia has tested positive for Coronavirus. 
The Secretary tested negative .
Speaker Pelosi highlights SCOTUS in neon even though the House doesn’t have a vote in the confirmation hearings for Judge Barrett,
Agreed. You get the ballot at home you can study what you’re voting for .
So I voted early this week. 
Got the ballot in the mail. 
Filled it out (great to be able to look up the obscure candidates and referendum issues and really research before deciding yes or no). 
Drove the ballot to the state drop box and it’s done. 
Don’t delay on this people.
Carlson giving a confusing soliloquy about how mask wearing doesn’t equal 100% protection against corona (consensus changes, science changes)while at the same time Anderson Cooper is on air promoting the virtues of wearing a mask. 
Somehow more protection seems better than less.
“Antibodies , I felt like Superman “. 
Trump bragging about the world class medical care he got on Covid at Walter Reed. 
One thing about being President ...( you get great medical care). 
200k Americans have died due to Covid. 
NONE of those 200k were POTUS
Is Roe v Wade a super precedent ?  
BARRETT: No bc calls for its overruling have never ceased so that doesn’t place it in the category of Brown V Board or Marbury v Madison
Doesnt matter for the Judiciary Committee outcome but if any Senator scratched the armor of Judge Barrett so far it may have been Dick Durbin who asked her to explain how the right of convicted felons owning guns is more sacrosanct than convicted felons having the right to vote.
Klobuchar asks Barrett about the Senate considering a SCOTUS nominee at a time when millions of people have already voted in a presidential election. 
BARRETT: Senator Klobuchar I think that’s a question for the political branches.
Barrett says the George Floyd video was very difficult for her and her family...
That kind of brutality has been a difficult one for us as it has for people all over the country.
Barrett says “I am not hostile to the ACA...I apply the law I follow the law you make the policy.”
that cracks me up
GOP governors in spiking states strain for silver linings https://t.co/VPoWW9vj5z via @SFGate


Top general did not give his consent to be used in Trump political ad #SmartNews
As Trump Flouts Safety Protocols, News Outlets Balk at Close Coverage
RIP Joe Morgan.
Possibly the best second baseman to play the game. #BigRedMachine
Why don't you need a negative coronavirus test to leave isolation? - CNN
Wait, what?
Did I just hear somebody on the Senate Judiciary Committee claim that a question about Griswold v Connecticut is an attack on Judge Barrett's religion?
Griswold is about state restrictions on contraceptives; privacy.
White House message machine is flooding social media with the ABA well qualified rating for Judge Barrett
Ugly injury
Cowboys run #PhillySpecial on #NYG and @Dak catches a touchdown pass.
Rafa Nadal at @rolandgarros once again “ King of Clay”
If Mnuchin increases the stimulus offer the question will be whether congressional republicans balk. 
Omg
Michigan sheriff spotted at rally with men charged in domestic terror plot to kidnap, kill governor
That’s 4 sure
Thank u for that
By his actions right now POTUS really does seem hellbent on torpedoing his re-election. Is it corona ?
The CNN live shot from #Delta landfall is mind boggling. 
Looks like video from a sand storm on the moon.
My son told me he calls this Indigenous Peoples’ Day.
And I’m not disputing that.
And I’m from Columbus, Ohio. Subject: Proclamation on Columbus Day, 2020
Beasley is a good decent person. He chooses principle over partisanship.
via @NYTimes Let em eat Covid
Can we please stop the violence already ? 
Julia’s show is a sensation
Unfortunately i was looking forward to this: South Carolina Senate debate scrapped after Harrison calls for Graham to get COVID-19 test | TheHill
Commission cancels second debate between Trump and Biden
Looking bad for Trump Holy Grail #1 Vaccine before Election Day and Grail#2 isn’t looking much better, see below  https://t.co/g2viobRyr2
https://t.co/rFzALSQgxY OK that’s must see TV.
Anderson interviewing George Clinton.

Without comment 
First mass gathering at the White House since it first became a COVID hot zone : 
Trump is expected to host an event at the White House tomorrow

Fatal shark attacks up in Australia 

Hang in there now! 
So sorry. 
Keep your phone charged!

Gov. Whitmer on "militias" 


Trump continues trashing the debate commission and moderators. 
Challenges Biden to a debate with a “fair” anchor like Hannity. 
Repeats that he’s not interested an a virtual debate

Trump on FN call-in says he wants to do a rally in Florida on Saturday night.. less than a week after he entered the hospital for Covid.

Did I just see  the “Daisy/mushroom cloud commercial of the 2020 campaign? 
Blurred picture of a patient in a ospital room with no one to hold your hand.  by Lincoln Project. 
It’s chilling

As a once college shot putter and almost college football player who witnessed “first hand” the power of performance enhancing drugs on people in that orbit  I can say steroids create aggression and rage in men who take them. 
I never did it bc I had no delusions of “going pro”

The plot to kidnap Gov. 
Whitmer is the latest exhibit in a growing body of evidence supporting law enforcement's alarming assessments of homegrown (domestic) terror.

Pelosi: 
Says she wont agree to piecemeal stimulus legislation  "Aint gonna be no stand alone"  bill if there's not a bigger bill

Virtual debate is a joke Trump says. 
Once again invokes the name of Winston Churchill. 
Trump says "I don't believe the polls". 
Last time "in nine states I was down, I won every one of them.

Monster? Trump says the Pence faced a monster in last night's debate.

Trump calls antibody cocktail drugs "cures" . 
There is no known cure for Covid-19.
Jobless claims weekly report: 
840k, slightly higher than expected, raising more questions about whether hiring is cooling down. 
#BLS

Fascinating


Trump calls Kamala Harris "a communist" she's not a socialist.

Trump campaign manager says in a statement that instead of the second Presidential debate they will do a "rally instead"

After shutting down the coronavirus economic stimulus negotiations with congressional democrats, Trump says there are now "very productive talks" going on re a new stimulus package, that they are "talking about" aid for airlines, direct aid checks to taxpayers...and other things.
Trump:
" I don't think I'm contagious"

On how he caught it : 
It was a day of celebration with Notre Dame ( apparently referring to the SCOTUS nominee announcement event in the Rose Garden)

"I think I would have done fine without drugs."

Trump says I'm not doing a virtual debate' in an interview with FBN

The debate commission said the candidates in the second debate would participate from separate remote locations in an effort to protect the health and safety of all involved

Commission on Presidential Debates announces the next Presidential debate will be virtual -per CNN's Kevin Bohn

Ummm... 


So far I think. 
Miss you!
Let the fact checks begin: Kamala Harris and Mike Pence debate



How are u?

VP pivots to Court packing speech and doesn’t answer question when asked  how Trump will protect coverage for people with preexisting conditions while in court trying to end the Affordable Care Act.
Then Pence says Harris refused to answer his court packing question. 
#jujitsu

Harris Jamarican comes out speaking directly to camera with her health care attack on Trump and Pence: 
“they’re coming for you “ - reminiscent of the Bob Marley/ Bad Boy lyrics: 
whatcha gonna do when they come for you?

lexiglass Debate: Pence has a new Covid mantra . 
Instead of we flattened the curve, we took a whole of government approach- now it’s we trust the American people. 
Sen. Harris : 
trust the American people by telling them the truth.



Did u draw that Ames?
Ohhhh forgot about the cocktail. Thank u for that .. 

The President’s physician says he has been symptom free for 24 hours, fever free for four days, and that he is showing detectable levels of Covid antibodies. He says Trump told him he feels “great!”

I heard one of the raccoons (pretty sure there are more than one)  slipped into a WH guard shack last night .. they're totally  unafraid of people at this stage.

So it’s the 2d time in two weeks a raccoon has shown up shortly after the  @NewDay open. 
I think they’re attracted to the lights. 
No animals were harmed. 
I threw something to scare it off. 
#CrazyOuttakes


Warning signs are blinking red 


Having just ended the stimulus talks, Trump proposed more stimulus.


Stephen Miller positive test is sad and unfortunate. 
No one should gloat about something like this. 
This virus doesn’t discriminate or choose its victims. It’s the enemy of everyone on earth.

Note the “Democrat failed high crimes cities and states” reference here.  
30 days out from the election and Mr. Trump is not even pretending that he’s trying to appeal to ALL of America.

EBOF raises a serious question: 
Was Trump Covid positive on the night of the debate with Biden?

Brian Morgenstern  of WH Comms says there IS contact tracing going out of WH medical office — but what about the SCOTUS nomination event? 
NYTIMES reported no contact tracing of the Rose Garden super spreader event .  - 
Its  almost unknowable he says. 
So don’t try? 
Seriously?

Peer pressure: https://t.co/YhM0VRrHzz

Trump’s decision to pull the plug on stimulus talks is a tacit admission that another $$ package would splinter senate republicans in the closing days of the 2020 election.

Wolf Blitzer ON CNN:  a 4th White House press aide has tested positive for coronavirus.

Peter Navarro who calls Biden rambling in this tweet has been known to give 20 minute stream of consciousness extemporaneous speeches to the White House gaggle pool camera on the North Lawn.

Why would this even be a debate? 

Your boss the President had Covid and u work with him. 
Pence, Harris teams at odds over plexiglass at debate - The Washington Post






In a memo the President’s physician, Dr. Sean Conley says Trump has no symptoms and is doing “ extremely well”.
Alyssa Farah, White House COMMS, says of Trump; you will hear from him in some form today. 
Asked if anymore people at WH have tested positive for the virus: not to my knowledge.


that’s not the right dress code either
Trump, on steroids, feeling 20 years younger says he’s headed to White House tonight. 
So about those ‘roids Mr. President — did they tell u what happens?

really can’t do an interview other Manu Raju? 
What’s up with that? 
If u can’t handle @CNN what are u gonna do with McConnell?

What I WANT TO KNOW MOST is how many housekeepers and butlers maids and maintenance workers at the WHITE HOUSE  have gotten COVID. 
Bc it’s the poor people who always get screwed in situations like this . 
DM me
Sorry HIPAA. 
I always screw up that acronym
The President’s doc makes clear that Trump is invoking his privacy rights (HPPA) in certain information. 
Now the President should ask his Supreme Court nominee what she thinks of constitutional right of privacy . 
Many originalists don’t see a privacy right in the constitution.

Trump rejuvenated by Covid ? 

White House now has as many or more new coronavirus cases since Friday than than the total number reported in several small countries according to the CNN Global Covid tracker.

Lol it slipped up behind me and grabbed my pants leg right when I was about to go on the air. 
I’m like #WaitWhat
Tests positive


Donald J Trump, on steroids.

Serious meds and rosy scenarios.

How sick is the President?

TRUMP DRIVE-BY: The individuals in the SUV with Trump appear to be wearing full PPE..but that is an extremely enclosed space and in Trumps condition if he’s still contagious he could be endangering staff including secret service agents just to get a photo-op.

Windows are up.

The street scene outside Walter Reed where the President is being treated.


Lol oh yes Charlie Norton we had some good times - plus Couric’s last days in local

Thanks Mike great to hear from u!


Trump is taking a steroid now along with a five day course of remdesivir, which needs to be monitored by medical experts, but one of his doctors suggested he could leave the hospital tomorrow .
Dr. Conley admitted he’s trying to present a positive picture of Trump’s treatment .

Been there omg.
Trump video: I’m also doing well ( expect a good result) gonna know over the next few days for sure..
Conley later clarified that he misspoke
The White House is a COVID hotspot.

Now Christie is positive

“Just 72 hours into the diagnosis now”... wait what?

If POTUS was diagnosed 72 hours ago ?

This requires clarification because 72 hours ago was Wednesday.

How is that possible ?




“The jarring contrast between the carefree, cavalier attitude toward the virus on display in the Rose Garden Saturday and the pernicious awakening that occurred Thursday night resembles a Shakespearean tragedy.” 
(Though echoing themes in a Poe short story)

@presssec says White House operations deemed it safe for Trump to travel to New Jersey fundraiser after Hope Hicks was diagnosed.
But the first calculation here should have been about protecting donors in NJ from contagion caused by the President and his traveling party.

Attendee at the SCOTUS announcement tests positive.

It raises the question: 
whether the spread that reached the President started at the Barrett announcement?

Senator Lee tests positive 

RE:chronology at White House yesterday.

I asked COS Mark Meadows &amp; he said he wasn’t doing a “tic toc” but that they discovered Hope Hicks had tested positive as Marine 1 was taking off.
But if that’s true, they went to the NJ fundraiser knowing a close TRUMP contact was positive?

Donald Trump's positive coronavirus test puts him in the company of Boris Johnson and Jair Bolsonaro

Unemployment report: 
economy gains 661,000 jobs.
rate down to 7.0

Whoa 

Trump Aide Hope Hicks Tests Positive for Coronavirus Infection 
#SmartNews 

House approves $2.2 trillion stimulus plan from Democrats with no bipartisan deal in sight


FOUNDER OF BET?

Bob Johnson Leaning Voting For Trump: 
‘I Will Take the Devil I Know’ 

Wildlife are taking back the DMV version 2.0. Several coyote attacks reported in Rockville Thursday | WDVM 25 
#SmartNews 

Judge rules federal law enforcement commission violates law, orders work stopped as attorney general prepares to issue report - The Washington Post

Trump is winning the voter registration battle against Biden in key states 
#SmartNews 

Oh no

Study finds mentions of Donald Trump make up the largest share of  "infodemic" misinformation about COVID-19 in traditional english language media.

Trump takes credit for USDA food for families.

A Hatch act violation ?


Television debates stress test candidates.

If you want to see cracks in the facade watch a candidate under the bright lights for 90 minutes with millions watching.

It is not always pretty.

For this reason last nights repulsive debate was an essential a public service.

Couldn’t agree more

The question about the President's Proud Boys position posed to Sen. Scott.

Scott didn't just say "I think he misspoke." 
He also said that if the President doesn't correct it, 'I guess he didn't misspeak.'  
What does that mean?

Um, yes, precisely.
A single picture is worth thousands of words.

Dana Bash on the air called the debate a #ShitShow
Trump on Election Day : 
If I see tens of thousands of ballots being manipulated ..
it means u have a fraudulent election ..
Sabrina on the quick uptake with the Kellyanne Conway quote in chaos

Biden on Trump’s “ rescuing the suburbs” argument; 
This is not the 1950’s.

The dog whistles don’t work anymore

Trump on his administration ending racial sensitivity training : 
“they were teaching people to hate our country.

Biden: nobody’s doing that.

The fact is people need to be made aware.

Trump goes hard after Biden on law enforcement ‘ we believe I law and order but you don’t”
AOC speaks: https://t.co/MMkAXQXCQM

Biden calls Trump a clown for  at least the second time.

This debate could be characterized as a food fight, which under the circumstances tends to feel somehow appropriate.

You’re the worst president America’s ever had.

Here we go on Trump taxes: is it true that u paid $750 dollars?

Trump: I paid millions.
Trump resorts to same arguments he made in taxes 4 years ago.

On the economy Trump’s strong point according to the polls: 
“”we’re doing record business ..
when u look at NC,MI,PA they’ve gotta open up.
 “” Biden: you can’t fix the  economy until u fix the covid crisis

Would you shut up?
On Health Care Biden on Trump: 
“He has no plan and the fact is this man doesn’t know what he’s talking about.”

Trump talks over Biden and the moderator making himself the center of attention as usual.

Question; what is the Trump health care plan.
Biden laughs at him : 
“ I’m not here to call out his lies “ 
Folks do u have any idea what this clown is doing?

Here we go: 
First Debate at Case Western/ Cleveland Clinic in Ohio.

No introductions no opening statements.

First question : SCOTUS nomination

Melania Trump wears a mask to the first debate.
That’s a statement, intended or not bc she is First Lady.

So, right up to the debate instead of flooding the zone with covid/economy messaging and financial losses-don’t-make-u a-loser-messaging we’re still hearing these  distractions from Trump world that don’t have anything to do with the crushing issues facing american voters?

On his way to the debate 


Right?
 Not a good sign.
Titans, Vikings suspend in-person activities after multiple Titans players, personnel test positive for COVID-19 

Oh thats just not good at all 

Germany has its own Dr. Fauci—and actually follows his advice  https://t.co/fSKfTLGS0I


A grim coronavirus milestone: 1 million dead

Last night POTUS said the tax information in the NYTimes report was bogus.
Today he says it was illegally obtained was provided by sources with legal access to it, which is the standard.

Trump denies  NYTIMES report indicating he paid $750 in taxes when he took office.

Amy Coney Barrett Said SCOTUS Justices Shouldn’t Be Replaced by Political Opposites in 2016 (Video) 
#SmartNews  



'She lies about lying': Brianna Keilar fires back at Kayleigh McEnany

Ok, let’s get arena seating back.
Gotta see Tyler Herro play pro with the Heat.
Just saw a replay

CNN anchor Brianna Keilar pushes back against @Presssec’s over the top embrace of a FOXNEWS smear.

2 charged for handling of coronavirus outbreak at Massachusetts veterans home where nearly 80 people died - Chicago Tribune



The repeated reference to the "Playboy reporter" in the briefing was over the top. Cooper Hefner (Hugh's son)  weighs in.

Come to think of it “Ebola” kind of rolls off the tongue like a delicious Italian appetizer.
But it’s not.
It’s just not.


More profiles in courage.
Republicans Rebuke Trump on Threat to ‘Get Rid of Ballots’

Can’t wait to see Tua in a Miami game.
Can’t. Wait.

2d infection more severe?
Ok, why does this sound like the worst covid-19 news of the last several months?
Note: the covid news of the last several months has been pretty bad.

The US is facing a dollar collapse by the end of 2021 and an over 50% chance of a double-dip recession, economist Stephen Roach says 
#SmartNews

Judicial Impartiality 

Not worth the paper its written on?
The Trump administration has demonstrated how executive orders don’t carry the force of acts of Congress— by  throwing out a bunch of Obama’s executive orders.



I'm days late re-tweeting this.
 Worth a read..

so I was supposed to do a live hit for a CNN affiliate in Turkey (from the White House) about an hour ago-- but they canceled it because of an earthquake there.
Hope everybody is ok.

A salute to RBG's writing.



“Trump’s state and national legal teams are already laying the groundwork for postelection maneuvers that would circumvent the results of the vote count in battleground states.”

The President was asked if he would commit to a peaceful transfer of power after the election and the first words ut of his mouth were “we’ll have to see what happens”.
 And there has been no follow up questioning on that

I would imagine, Scott, that the  flu can get mixed up with the virus.
 Trump to Scott Atlas in the briefing room.

Israel?s Benjamin Netanyahu brings loads of dirty laundry to be cleaned in Washington - The Washington Post 

National Catholic Prayer Breakfast award for Barr divides Catholics 

CJUS Roberts on RBG: Ruth used to ask what is the difference between a bookkeeper in Brooklyn and a Supreme Court Justice?
The answer: one generation.

Trump news conference added to the schedule for 6pm today.
Bloomberg pays fines for 32,000 felons in Florida so they can vote

Cindy McCain comes out in support of Biden and Trump reacts

Can airport testing and Covid immunity passports unlock travel?


Hmmm as a journalist it’s my observation that Michigan has been important for both parties over multiple presidential cycles.
 Both parties.
Nobody’s ignored Michigan

If any year would spawn a zombie tropical storm 2020 wold be the year.

Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to lie in state at Capitol

Lol Killers play Mr. Brightside” on NFL Halftime show
Interesting :https://t.co/gVDk1zW9eZ

Gardner locks himself in before there’s a formal nomination.

What on the world is great big heavy cart with tires doing parked right next to a field where a pro football game in progress?
Looks dangerous