The Nets make the hiring of Mike D’Antoni, Amar’e Stoudemire and Ime Udoka official. 
Coach Steve Nash said in a statement: 
“When I set out to build this staff, I wanted to put together a committed group that would connect with our players...” 

Part 6 of our series on team owners’ political donations from @ramonashelburne and me: 
How athletes have spent the past six months trying to channel the power of their collective voice into political action
Part 4 of the @espn series on how professional sports owners in America contribute to political campaigns:
How the NFL's Gridiron PAC uses influence in Washington via 
@mikerothstein
“Are professional sports team owners making political donations privately, in ways that not only shield their identity but shield them from backlash from their own players, staffers and fans?”
Part 3 of @’s series on team owner donations via @Baxter: https://t.co/H2aUGfR6nW?amp=1
20 owners have contributed directly to Biden or Biden's super PACs, though at smaller totals, with overall contributions equaling $405,745. 
“Drilling down deeper into the data, we can see that federal contributions in each league lean red, except for in the WNBA.”
Thirteen owners have contributed directly to Donald Trump's campaign or Trump super PACs in the 2020 election cycle, with contributions adding up to $1,746,423.
Spend some time on this @/@FiveThirtyEight database today. 
It wouldn’t have been possible without @Tedescau.
In the 2020 election cycle, American professional sports owners have contributed $10 million to Republican causes and $1.9 million to Democratic causes so far. 
Proud to be a part of this @espn/@FiveThirtyEight @cristinadaglas: https://t.co/e1MnqGySSD?amp=1
“There was perhaps no more telling snapshot of the United States, circa 2020, than a COVID-19-positive man sitting on the ground, maskless, next to a cancer survivor, maskless as well, with indelible grins spread across their faces.”


As Avery Bradley celebrated the Lakers’ championship from his home in Texas, he got a FaceTime call. 
It was Rob Pelinka letting the guard know this is his ring too. 

Scenes from the Lakers’ title clinching night with @mcten

One more selfie. 
LeBron James walks into Dwight Howard’s press conference and laughs: 
“Where your clothes at?!” 

Howard rocking Larry O’Brien trophy shorts.

Spoelstra: 
“How about Goran even playing tonight. That's just crazy. 
He shouldn't have even been out there.” 

Then Spoelstra told a story about how after Game 1, Dragic texted at him 4:15 am: 
“Coach, don't give up on me. Give me a chance. 
I'll find my way back.”

Jimmy Butler: “We are going to be back.”

Heat coach Erik Spoelstra, wiping away tears before saying: 
“This has been such an unprecedented year. 
We didn’t get the Final result we wanted, but these are going to be lifetime memories that we have together. 
You’re in this business to be able to be around people like this.”

A Bubble Champion has been crowned as the Lakers defeat the Heat (4-2). 

The NBA accomplished what many were skeptical of: three months of professional basketball without an outbreak of COVID-19. 
Again: masks, physical distance, hand washing and regular testing works.

The Lakers 28-point lead tonight is the second largest halftime lead in NBA Finals history. 
he largest was the Celtics’ 30-point lead over the Lakers in 1985, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

The largest halftime deficit a team has overcome in the Finals is 21, according to @ESPNStatsInfo. 
And that was in 1948 when it was still the Basketball Association of America -- not the NBA.

Tonight, the Heat trail the Lakers by 28 at half.

In the arena, the fake crowd noise gets turned up as Dragic checks in. 
Dragic spent the majority of the first quarter on the exercise bike.

Goran Dragic is headed to the scorer's table to check into the game for the first time.
Goran Dragic warming up in layup lines for the first time since he injured himself in Game 1 of the Finals. 
When Dragic warmed up prior to game 4, the pain he experienced when he got down into a defensive stance was one determining factor in his inactive status. 

Dragic has said he is determined not to be a “liability” on the floor

Goran Dragic is listed as active for Game 6.

Goran Dragic is listed as doubtful, once again, for Game 6 of the Finals, according to this evening’s injury report.

The image of Jimmy Butler slumped over a black barricade has gone viral. 
As he was hunched over, confetti cannons were being prepped for a Lakers’ win. 
That turned out to be premature. 

@ESPN Story from last night on Butler’s will to win.

Erik Spoelstra: 
"Every young player coming into this league should study footage on Jimmy Butler." 
Butler finished with 35 points, 12 rebounds and 11 assists in 47 minutes.

The confetti dispensers are being rolled away. 
The Heat defeat the Lakers 111-108 and the Finals are headed to a Game 6.

Erik Spoelstra said Goran Dragic remains doubtful for Game 5. 
Spoelstra said the bulk of their practice time was used for film. 
Dragic was getting some treatment on his foot when practice opened to reporters.

After Amendment 4 was passed, a provision was added that said before ex-felons could be eligible to vote, ey needed to repay any fines or fees associated with their sentence. 
The Miami Heat and NBA donated $45K to the Florida Rights Restoration Coalition’s Fines & Fees Program.


Lots of virtual fans in “Let my people vote” shirts for Game 4. 
They are from the Florida Rights Restoration Coalition and have had their right to vote reestablished. 

When amendment 4 passed in Florida, roughly 1.4 million ex-felons became eligible to vote.

Bam Adebayo will start in Game 4, the Heat say.
Goran Dragic has been ruled out of Game 4, the Heat announce.

Goran Dragic is out on the court shooting. 
He did not warm up on the game court prior to Game 2 or Game 3. 

Bucks assistant coach Darvin Ham is set to interview for the Clippers head coaching job this week, sources told ESPN. Ham, who is also a finalist for the Pacers’ head coaching spot, will meet in person with the Indiana brass over the next few days.

I lied to you @PabloTorre. 
@Jim_ICE informed me today is our 100th day in the bubble. 
And Jim is never wrong. 

I joined #ESPNDaily to talk about Game 4 of the Finals and reflect on my time in the Bubble:

Bam Adebayo has been upgraded from doubtful to questionable for Game 4 on this evening’s injury report, the Heat say.

Earlier today, Adebayo said: 
“I’m trying to get back as quickly as possible, but they’re just trying to make sure 
I’m safe and 
I’m ready to play.”

Goran Dragic says there is "no timetable" for his return after tearing the plantar fascia in his left foot in Game 1. 
He said he feels better, but is still in pain. 
He said he "doesn't know" what the path would be to being cleared to return.

"Tomorrow I could play, tomorrow they may tell me no," Adebayo adds. 

Bam Adebayo, speaking to reporters for the first time since his G1 injury, says: 
"I am getting better. 
It is up to the medical staff. 
I am trying to get back as quickly as possible... 
It sucks sitting on the sidelines."


New @espn story: After a historic Game 3 performance, Jimmy Butler vows: 
“We're not gonna lay down;
we're gonna fight back in this thing and even it up 2-2."

After the Heat's Game 2 loss to L.A., Jimmy Butler said: 
"We got to play damn near perfect in order to beat those guys." 
Tonight, Butler finished with 40 points, 11 rebounds and 13 assists in 45 minutes to beat the Lakers 115-104.

Jimmy Butler's two 40-point performances this postseason, tie with LeBron James and Dwyane Wade for the most such games in a single postseason in Heat franchise history, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

Jimmy Butler is the third player to have a 40-point triple double in NBA Finals history.

The others: Jerry West (42) and LeBron James (40).

The team has ruled Bam Adebayo out for Game 3, but he is out on the court getting pregame shots up:

Bam Adebayo (neck) &amp; Goran Dragic (foot) will not play in Game 3 of the Finals, the team says.

Bam Adebayo and Goran Dragic are listed as doubtful for Game 3 of the NBA Finals on this evening’s injury report.

Jimmy Butler carried quite the load in 45 minutes of play in Game 2: 
He scored or assisted on 57 points, his most in a playoff game in his career, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

Jimmy Butler said he responded to this speech, but noted that it shouldn't take that to light a fire.

"We have to do it from the jump."
"Maybe he should just start the game off cussing people out," he joked.

Heat coach Erik Spoelstra: 
"We don't give a sh*t what everybody else thinks.
What will it take (to get over the hump)? 
Whatever is necessary.

Simple as that."

The Lakers are the first team over the last 20 years to score 50 points and shoot 70 percent from the paint in a playoff game, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

They scored 56 points in the paint on 74% shooting and beat Miami 124-114.


The Lakers hold a 2-0 series lead.

Udonis Haslem is delivering an impassioned speech to his Miami teammates during this timeout.

The Heat trail the lakers 92-79 with just under four minutes remaining in the third.

Tyler Herro (20) is the youngest player to start in an NBA Finals game.

Before tonight, Magic Johnson had been the youngest player ever to start in the Finals.

Without Goran Dragic or Bam Adebayo, Miami Heat starters for Game 2 are: Meyers Leonard, Jae Crowder, Tyler Herro, Duncan Robinson and Jimmy Butler.

Erik Spoelstra said he had to play the roles of both “coach and parent” over the last 24 hours in deciding whether or not Bam Adebayo and Goran Dragic would play in game 2.

“They were both lobbying to play and we almost had to take the decision out of their hands,” he said.

The Miami Heat officially list Bam Adebayo (neck) and Goran Dragic (foot) as out for Game 2 against the Lakers.

@wojespn previously reported that Adebayo was out.

Coach Kyle Kuzma preparing for Game 2.


More Butler on having an uphill climb after an ugly Game 1: 
“Everybody probably thought (the Lakers) were gonna do that to us anyway.

They probably think they’re gonna do it to us three more times in a row.
 
I beg to differ.”

Jimmy Butler, reacting to the mounting Heat injuries: 
“They say when it’s bad, when it rains, it pours.  
All in all, though, we’re still expecting to win.
 We got here for a reason.
 
We realize we belong...”

Headed into Game 1 of the Finals, Goran Dragic was the overall leading scorer on the Heat this postseason, and had the second-highest plus-minus on the Heat this postseason, behind only Bam Adebayo, per @ESPNStatsInfo.

To contextualize what Bam Adebayo and Goran Dragic mean to the Heat statistically: 
Miami had a different leading scorer in each of the first three rounds of the playoffs: 
Goran Dragic in the 1st, Jimmy Butler in the 2nd and Bam Adebayo in the Conference Finals.

Jimmy Butler is wearing a wrap on his left ankle during his press conference today.

After yesterday’s game he said he was a “little bit sore” after turning his ankle but would “be okay.”

Erik Spoelstra said that while Bam’s injury is on his left side — the same side he tweaked in Game 4 against the Celtics in the ECF — this is a new injury.

The previous injury was in Bam’s shoulder/arm.

The Miami Heat say Bam Adebayo had an MRI that showed a neck strain.

Goran Dragic and Bam Adebayo are listed as doubtful for Game 2 of the NBA Finals in this afternoon’s injury report.

New @ESPN story on an injury-ridden Game 1 of the NBA Finals for the Miami Heat: link

immy Butler, reacting to the news Dragic has a plantar tear in his left foot:
"Be ready to go with or without Goran...

We are capable of it.
We have to be capable of it."

Bam Adebayo’s shoulder the X-rays were negative, the team says.

Bam Adebayo has suffered a "shoulder strain" per @Rachel__Nichols and will not return.
Dragic is also officially out for the night.

After briefly having his shoulder looked at on the sidelines, Bam Adebayo appears to be headed back to the locker room.

Goran Dragic (left foot) is doubtful to return to Game 1, the Heat announce.

Butler stay in the game, but does appear to be favoring that ankle.


Jimmy Butler is up after being on the ground clutching his left ankle.
He is now limping off the court.

Bam Adebayo said yesterday he needs to avoid picking up "ticky-tack" fouls early and added: 
There can't be a second on the floor where they're playing harder than us.

I feel like that's where our chance is." After Q1, the Lakers lead the Heat 31-28 and Adebayo has two fouls.

This is quite the fan section.

In addition to former Chicago resident Barack Obama, who else do you spy? 

A virtual fan in the audience for Game 1 of the NBA Finals: Former President Barack Obama

Adam Silver said that “ideally” next season wouldn’t have to be played in a bubble, but acknowledged it is a very real possibility.

With only four black head coaches in the NBA currently, Adam Silver said that he knows the league “can do better, and I think we will do better.” 
Silver said the NBA has discussed a type of Rooney Rule, but ultimately decided that it didn’t make sense.

Adam Silver said he doesn’t see a COVID-19 vaccine as a prerequisite to bringing fans back into arenas.

He said having better rapid return tests gives him hope that there could be fans at some point next season, even without a widely distributed vaccine.

At NBA Finals media day, Jimmy Butler says even if Miami wins a championship: 
“I’m not giving anybody free coffee.
Ever.” 
Perhaps Little Face Coffee will.
ICYMI: 
@espn story on the Heat’s bubble barista battle: link

Jaylen Brown has been a steady, forceful voice for racial equality.
After the Celtics’ elimination, Brown says: “It’s been an honor to play here and share light on some of those injustices.
I appreciate to everyone who is out there listening and who want to make change.” 

Jimmy Butler, reflecting on this past year in his post game press conference, acknowledged he’s “not for everybody.” Still, he said he feels he belongs in Miami: “To be wanted,” he said.
“That’s what anyone wants in the world — not just in basketball.
So, I’m happy to be home.” 

After Bam Adebayo blamed himself for the Heat’s Game 5 loss, he had 32 points, 14 rebounds and 5 assists in Game 6.Heat coach Erik Spoelstra says Bam is one of the league’s “great competitors...
He will become one of the great winners.” 

To make it to the Finals without a coronavirus outbreak — with the virus still surging across the United States —  is a remarkable accomplishment.
It also underscores the importance of masks, regular testing and science.

The NBA Finals of an unprecedented season are set: The Miami Heat will take on the Los Angeles Lakers.

You’ve heard about Jimmy Butler's Big Face Coffee.
But his monopoly on the hotel room caffeine fix is over.
Make room for Little Face Coffee.

@espn feature on a brewing competition in the bubble: https://t.co/sFpzWHFaV9?amp=1


Malone, continued: “You tip your hat, give (the Lakers) credit and use this as motivation for next year, and not be satisfied with making the WCF, the goal is to still win a championship.” 

Michael Malone said his message to the Nuggets after the WCF loss: “Remember this feeling.
I think all great teams and champions have to go through the pains of losing...
I wouldn’t want to be with any other group.” 

Here are the NBA Finals schedule scenarios: If the Eastern Conference Finals goes to 7 games, the Finals will begin Friday Oct. 2.
If it does not, the Finals will begin Wednesday Sept. 30. 

After dropping Game 5 to Boston, Bam Adebayo says: “I played like 
s—t. Bottom line.
I put that game on me.
Not my teammates’ fault.
Not my coaches’ fault.
Me.” 

Brown: “Until we dismantle, recreate or change this system that we have, it will continue to have victims like Breonna Taylor and others that fall victim to oppression.” 

Jaylen Brown, in part, on Breonna Taylor: “I wasn’t surprised by the verdict.
This society — the way it was built — the intention was never to protect and serve people of color initially.“ 

Jaylen Brown’s shirt: “This is not a Black issue, this is a human issue.” 

A Kentucky grand jury’s decision in the fatal shooting of Breonna Taylor has reverberated around the NBA Bubble.
“We have not gotten that justice.
That's a shame.”

Erik Spoelstra on the grand jury’s  decision today in Breonna Taylor’s case: “It’s not justice.”
Nuggets coach Michael Malone on the Breonna Taylor decision made today: “It’s tragic.
It also makes me think a lot closer to home in Elijah McClain...
A lot of players on our team have spoken out for justice for Breonna Taylor and we have not gotten justice.”

Nuggets coach Michael Malone, after defeating the Lakers 114-106 to bring the series to 2-1: “For some reason we love this bubble.
I can’t explain that.”

Speaking to reporters for the first time since the locker room argument, Marcus Smart says the time between Games 2 and 3 — when emotions were running high — was “electrifying.” Smart added teams shouldn’t be happy down 0-2 and Boston “grew up even more through that adversity.” 
